angela 's five - year - old marriage in bahrain has broken down
bahrain 's princess margaret , the us marine corps , has won the us television station , a six - year - old marriage that has been plagued by a big wave of twists and turns , but now it has been in the midst of the desert gambling city .
meilan is a member of the royal family of bahrain in the gulf region , and johnson , who has been in the midst of a military trip , has been thrown into the breach of the law , and their marriage is like a children 's story , and has become the theme of a television movie .
however , it was only five years after the publication of the newspaper , the two people 's court filed a divorce with the court for the divorce of the divorce , and the place where the divorce was very fast .
they met in 1999 , and johnson was still a professional soldier , who was stationed in bahrain .
after he was aware of this small princess sirindhorn , the two people polled a spark of love , and his life had undergone a great change .
since the royal family banned this small - sized love , it was a big move to make her coats , and let her wear a coats , and put her on the table , and the military 's proof that she had stolen the motherland and arrived in the united states .
after a hard - working immigration lawsuit with the us authorities , the young couple were finally married on the way of the wedding ceremony in the country 's famous vientiane road , and the new daughter was only 19 years old .
however , johnson said that due to the many tempo of the " criminal city " as a " criminal city , " he and his daughter , who have been a big financial situation , have all along been very tense , and they have been reading about the conspiracy to assassinate him , and this has finally been totally untrue .
johnson said that he had to stop living in the hotel and casino gambling house , but the night living in the city of melody 's often did not place his husband in the eye at night .
meilan went down one year ago .
johnson said : " she has already degenerated . "
euro zone 's economic indicators to show european economic downturn
economists said that the economic indicators of the euro zone will be announced this week will show further evidence of the weak economic confidence and the slowdown in economic output , while the british data are expected to show an increase in industrial activities .
they said that the economic output data of the euro zone 's largest country will continue to show a great volatility every month , but the long - term trend of economic output will show a slowdown in economic growth .
the most important economic index this week will provide the first evidence of european economic confidence in december to be issued by the economic research institute of the economy , which is expected to be closely watched by germany and the market .
the azimeth index dropped sharply from 31.3 months ago to 13.9 percent .
economists said that the sharp increase of the euro 's economy would have an impact on economic confidence in the near future , and therefore there is no reason to predict that the economy is expected to rebound .
" the main factors of the decline in economic confidence , including the uncertainties of the euro appreciation , the global economy , and the deteriorating unemployment rate in the german employment market , are all expected to be dragged down in the future growth of the survey in december . therefore , the index is unlikely to rebound strongly . "
according to the investigation by the afp financial news , the fao news reported to economists , the index would drop again from 193.9 in december to 11 .
however , the bank said that germany 's economic forecasting index could even fall to zero in december .
" the future of economic activities in germany is expected to be on the basis of our views , and the survey of the analysts and the financial market participants in the economic field will continue to decline , " he said .
organization for security and cooperation in europe
russia has repeatedly accused the west of meddling in eastern europe affairs , because ukraine 's political crisis has become the focus of attention , and the annual meeting of ministers of the european security and cooperation organization will become a major topic .
the western forces have been gradually extended to some corner of europe , such as the baltic sea countries , georgia , and central asia , and have long been quite dissatisfied with russia . therefore , the organization for security and cooperation in europe has been holding a two - day meeting in sofia , the capital of bulgaria , and the recent incident in ukraine may become an important topic .
the supreme court of ukraine has made a dramatic judgment , and the ruling party made the recent second round of the presidential election , and the european union has called on the member states of the organization for europe and europe to be ready to " take action at the earliest speed and efficiency . "
according to european sources , the organization for security and cooperation in europe may increase the number of observers from 600 to 1,000 by december 26 .
us secretary of state powell will attend this annual meeting of the organization for security and cooperation in europe , which may be his last visit before he leaves office .
russian foreign minister lavrov , french foreign minister jack straw , british foreign minister straw , and german foreign minister felipe perez will also attend the meeting .
the osce members include 55 countries in north america , europe , and asia , and will celebrate the 30 th anniversary of the founding of the organization .
the organization was established in helsinki , which had contributed to the end of the cold war .
bush 's big test intelligence reform bill faces vote by congress this week
the us congress 's intelligence reform bill , which will go all out to pass this week , is the second ambitious policy plan for republican president bush , and he is facing a major test for the first time after the republican party 's lawmakers have been reelected .
in an interview with the newspaper yesterday , the former republican party governor of new york and new jersey , who was responsible for the investigation of the terrorist attacks in the united states on september 11 , 2001 , said that the issue of the intelligence reform bill was to be passed by the congress , and that the issue alone would have a bad sign of the future cooperation between the two parties and the president 's domestic administration .
" if the president and congress do not properly handle these major issues , the congress will become less functional , and we will be in trouble . "
he told the new york daily : " we will have another bill for a long time to get the support of the republican and democratic leaders of both the senate and the house of representatives , and 80 percent of the people 's support . "
several congressmen said yesterday that if the historic reform bill was defeated , it would delay the thorough overhaul of the old us spy network system operation for a few months , or even several years , or even in the end of the damage .
" if this bill cannot be passed this week , it will be a dead end , " said the democratic representative of the house intelligence committee , at cnn yesterday .
the congress will try to pass the " 2001 four intelligence reform and terrorism prevention bill " on 6 and 7 april , and then recuperate in early next year .
if it is not passed , the entire bill will be scrapped , and the congress will not be redrafted by 2005 .
ukraine 's opposition parties strongly reject revised constitution
ukraine 's pro - western opposition party today insisted that the opposition party would not accept the constitutional reform pushed by former president kuroki before the second round of presidential election .
this constitutional reform will deprive the majority of the presidential powers currently in force .
in the second round of election , the supreme court announced that the election was not effective on november 21 , and the election committee of the central elections commission ordered a reelection to be held on december 26 . the opposition party leader yugansk once again fell into a deadlock with kuroki .
" if the constitutional amendment is passed in the current form , all the powers of the president will be transferred to the congress , which is unacceptable . "
" we hope that the president will appoint the director of intelligence and chief of staff , so that we can eliminate corruption and remove the group that controls the political and business circles in ukraine , " she told reporters .
kuroki , who has close ties with russia , has pushed forward the constitutional amendment before the election because he is worried that the opposition party may win the presidential election .
the opposition legislators yesterday refused to vote on the constitutional amendment proposed by the government , and the parliament was recollected for 10 days .
according to the constitutional amendment , except for the prime minister , defense minister , and foreign minister , all heads of state will be transferred from the president to the congress , and the current forces supporting the government have nearly the majority of seats in the parliament .
according to the content of the amendment , the prime minister , defense minister , and foreign minister appointed by the president have to be approved by the congress , and the parliament can also put forward their candidates .
ukraine 's political crisis entered the third week of opposition calls for continued struggle
in the third week of the presidential election , the opposition party leader yugansk today called on the people to continue to oppose the street , surrounded the presidential palace and the government building , and to take action to ensure that the next presidential election will be held in a fair manner .
tens of thousands of supporters have gathered in the capital of kiev for two weeks . they surrounded the government building and the main road of the military review , and the people 's strength displayed by the supreme court has been forced to force the supreme court to make a decision on the second round of presidential election on november 21 .
yonhap told the people supporting the independence of the capital , that kuroki should replace his government , reorganize the election committee , and agree with the amendment of the electoral law in order to prevent the election corrupt .
in his speech on december 26 th , he said : " before these decisions are made , we cannot talk about the lifting of encircling the government building or the presidential office .
in the past 14 days , the square has demonstrated its love for ukraine and the awareness of the people of ukraine who are able to defend their choice of the people . "
he said : " we are now experiencing a struggle of good evil forces , and the whole world is applauded for our victory , and the whole world is proud of ukraine . "
at a time when the opposition party has strengthened its pressure on the ruling authorities in moscow , the azimuth and kurov have again been in a deadlock in the constitutional reform , the polish president , the czech president , and the russian special envoy , alexander , are scheduled to arrive in kiev on the 6 th to carry out another round of mediation .
egypt announces breakthrough in middle east peace process
egypt said that the middle east peace agreement is expected to have a new framework .
it also said that in the near future it may send ambassador to israel again and resume the four - year - old complete diplomatic relations .
egypt 's state - owned middle east news agency quoted the news from the " top - level " egyptian source as saying that all parties seeking a peace plan have reached a consensus on the comprehensive reconciliation .
the middle east news agency said : " egypt , israel , palestine , and important international organizations , such as the united states and the european union , have reached an important understanding and agreed in principle to comprehensively solve the conflicts between israel and palestine . "
since the death of a strong palestinian leader arafat last month , the international community has continued to restore its middle east peace policy with a view to ending the bloody conflict between israel and palestine for many years at an early date .
the middle east news agency said that officials predict that " preparations will be carried out in july and then political movements will be carried out . "
the middle east news agency said that after that , the parties concerned about the middle east peace process will hold a meeting in washington , with israel , palestine , egypt , the united states , russia , and several european countries .
it is expected that the meeting will include " a cease - fire between the two sides , " and the palestinian authority will " stop the attack on israel and strengthen its control over the gaza strip and the west bank . "
on this point , the middle east news agency said that israeli prime minister sharon promised that " as long as the palestinian authorities respect the cease - fire agreement and control their places , israel will stop its military action against the palestinians . "
more than 1 billion children in the world have been trampled on by poverty
the annual report published by the united nations children 's fund ( unicef ) today pointed out that more than 1 billion children in the world are suffering from poverty , war , and the outbreak of aids .
the united nations children 's fund ( unicef ) said that children under the covenant on children 's rights in 1989 have the right to have a healthy and stable environment for growth , and some of the reasons are that the governments of various countries have failed to carry out human rights and economic reforms .
" when half of the world 's children grow in hunger and unhealthy environment , we have become the target of attacks and the entire village of the whole world , " said the president of the un children 's fund 's executive committee , ms christine fang , in london .
" the governments of many countries are making a deliberate choice that will actually hurt children , " berri added .
the united nations children 's fund ( unicef ) and the research personnel of the london economic institute and the university of britons have jointly compiled statistics to expose the terror of children in most parts of the world .
researchers found that about 640 million children in the world were unable to get safe drinking water , 260 million children could not enjoy health services , and 140 million children ( most girls ) had never been able to learn .
researchers pointed out that even more serious is that at least 700 million children are suffering from various forms of " serious exploitation " , including the failure to contact information and enjoy public health facilities .
the united nations children 's fund ( unicef ) today published its 10 th annual report , pointing out that war and aids have destroyed various networks that are usually able to protect children , and children have become direct victims of war and aids .
china puts pressure on eu to lift arms embargo
the european union ( eu ) today rejected the pressure from chinese premier wen jiabao , hoping to end the arms embargo on china as soon as possible , but also said it would strive to lift the 15 - year - old embargo .
the statement was made by the netherlands , the rotating eu president , after the china - eu summit .
the netherlands said that it was not necessary to speculate on how the eu could stop the ban on the embargo .
the european union imposed an arms embargo on beijing after the 1989 tiananmen square massacre .
although the arms embargo issue has been cast over the shadow of the china - eu summit , the two sides still signed some trade and other agreements at the meeting .
china and the eu both claimed that these agreements have strengthened their " strategic partnership . "
in a joint statement issued after the summit meeting with chinese premier wen jiabao , the eu said : " the eu side has confirmed its political wish to continue to lift the embargo . "
the statement pointed out that the chinese delegation " welcomes this positive message and believes that this message is beneficial to the healthy development of china 's extensive strategic partnership with the eu . "
at the news conference after the summit , wen jiabao did not hide his bad , saying that the embargo " failed to reflect the partnership between china and the eu . "
wen jiabao said : " this embargo is the result of the cold war , and it cannot reflect the current situation , and still less does it reflect the partnership between china and the eu . "
under the leadership of france , some eu countries have pushed the lifting of the arms embargo , claiming that the ban is already outdated .
under the circumstances of not expanding the relevant laws of the eu , people of insight in the eu are worried that the lifting of the embargo may open up the flood control gate for arms sales , and this has encouraged china 's military strength .
" i explained the eu has the intention to lift the embargo , but i also pointed out that the lifting of the ban and the adjustment of the criteria for arms exports are related to each other , " said dutch prime minister barkefsky .
initial study finds that the acid rain may lead to breast cancer but does not have any conclusion
the latest health research report pointed out that the emergence of a new type of the world - type " yuli , " which is commonly used by pregnant women , will lead to an increase in the rate of breast cancer .
however , researchers said that the results of their research may only be out of accidental , because other studies show that the rate of breast cancer would be reduced in reality , so they call on pregnant women to continue taking this kind of tuckery .
ye aciq naturally exists in dark - type vegetables , which is an important boost for embryonic development .
the research staff of the two universities in britain , the uk , and the university of the asian and pacific , have been tracking down the 3,000 women , and the women had taken five grams or 0.2 grams of acid in the 1960 s when they were pregnant , most of them were in their second and third phases .
according to the report published in the british medical magazine , up to september 2002 , women who had been taking five micrograms of the disease had been the only two times the percentage of those who had died of breast cancer .
the researchers stressed that this was only " initial , " with the aim of further research . "
he said : " it is completely possible that this is a accidental result . therefore , before we have come to any conclusion , we must further conduct scientific research to review the connection of the matter , and if this kind of link exists . "
nairobi said women who are planning to pregnant with pregnant women should still take clenbuterol .
he said : there is a considerable gap between the current dosage proposals and the dosage of experiments . "
according to the british health standards , women in the first phase of pregnancy and the first phase of pregnancy should take 0.4 milligrams of acid ( the amount of doses ) , more than 10 times the dosage of the above - mentioned study .
the two candidates for ukraine 's presidential election are quite different
the two rivals , who will meet in ukraine 's presidential election on 26 june , are now ready to make a high decision .
the leader of the pro - western opposition party , yugansk , who is confident in winning the election , said that he would no longer represent " the ruling party , which is ashamed of itself . "
at the same time , russian president vladimir putin changed his attitude toward ukraine 's accession to the eu and said he would like to see ukraine 's entry into the eu .
when asked about the fact that he was expecting to get a few votes in the election campaign , yuji told reporters in the ruins of the press conference hall : " conservative , i should get about 60 percent of the votes . "
on the other hand , it can be seen from the external appearance that the asian people , who are worried about the difficulties of the people , have been able to get a direct answer to the question of the reporter . in the end , he only said : " we will win the war . "
originally , the former president krasnoyarsk , who was promoted to the post of the successor of his successor , has changed his course and has turned himself into a candidate for confrontation with the opposition party and the ruling party .
he said , " in the past , i trust that those cowardly and traitors in the government , but now i am very disappointed , and this government is really ashamed of . "
the conditions of the exchange between kuroki and the opposition party have been changed to the congress through the revision of the law , in order to end the two - week large - scale opposition party struggle and political chaos since the presidential election on november 21 .
the original winning of the election was also seen by the supreme court as a result of corrupt practices in the election process , and the election was invalid and must be reelected .
during powell 's last visit to the hague , he made every effort to harmonize europe and the united states
us secretary of state colin powell held talks with the eu high - level leaders today , for the last time in his term of office , he played a role in the unity between the united states and europe .
the purpose of powell 's trip to europe is to repair the diplomatic damage caused by the iraq war to the two sides , and the hague is the last stop .
during his visit to europe , powell may be the last official visit to the united states during his term of office , and the eu promised to him that the eu will take the road of easing tensions between the two sides before us president bush 's visit to europe in february next year .
however , the differences between the two sides still exist .
" we must strengthen bilateral dialogue in the second term of president bush and relocate the common stand , " said the dutch foreign minister , who holds the rotating eu presidency .
the eu foreign affairs commissioner hubert vedrine said that she believed that europe and the united states had made some progress in " the difficult situation of the iraq crisis at any time , but she also understood that the current situation is " a crucial moment in european - us relations . "
bush will fly to brussels on february 22 next year to meet leaders of the european union and the north atlantic treaty organization .
powell said that the purpose of bush 's visit was to repair the fence of relations caused by the iraq factor .
powell has visited sofia , brussels , during his trip to europe , but the purpose of improving relations is limited .
in brussels , in particular , powell criticized the six nato countries that oppose war for refusing to participate in iraq 's training mission , and damaged the " reputation and unity " of the allies .
however , powell still insisted that his meeting had shown the united states ' commitment to fully resuming diplomatic relations .
romanian president elected as new president
the candidate for the romanian opposition party , shaliyev , who won the fierce competition in the presidential election today , said that the right - wing bucharest mayor , when the new government was formed , would be faced with a huge challenge due to the disunity of political parties in the parliament .
according to the final results of the election of the romanian central committee today , the candidate of the " justice union " won 51.23 percent of the votes , and his rival and prime minister nastase received 48.77 percent of the votes .
nastana admitted being defeated in the election and congratulated the namibian government on its success .
the soon - to - be - relieved president of his office has also sent a congratulatory message to the palestinians .
nastasiades said that his social democratic party will help the palestinian people to join the european union ( eu ) .
the social democratic party won the election on the 28 th of last month .
speaking at the press conference , the brazilian president said : " today , my pressing task is to form a government that is capable of continuing to carry out the negotiations on romania 's accession to the eu as soon as possible , " and romania must work hard to meet the requirements of its accession to the eu .
he stressed that the romanian people should know what kind of price they will pay for this integration , and that the whole country should unite as one to ensure that romania will not have any doubts about this integration .
romania has completed negotiations on joining the european union ( eu ) and is scheduled to join the eu in january 2007 .
in addition , pakistan has listed the fight against poverty , the elimination of corruption , and the protection of judicial independence as his important task in administration .
the old storm did not include okio buddha 's ideas and turkey .
director of the film , peter o'neil , took advantage of the opportunity of his visit to istanbul to propagate the new " alexander " in an attempt to reconstruct the old .
the classic works , which he wrote , " the speed of the car " , were degenerated to tarnish the image of turkey .
in an exclusive interview with the afp , he told afp , " i have never thought that this movie will be hostile to turkey , and that the drama is opposed to the unfair behavior of all localities . "
since the winning of the prize in 1978 , turkish public opinion has been condemned for the east .
the film was compiled based on a short - term recollection made by the ography of otere .
the american youth sealock was arrested at the istanbul airport for attempting to smuggle drugs from turkey , and was sentenced to 30 years ' imprisonment after a long legal proceedings .
the attackers of turkey accused the scourge of the sounder , saying that the scourge had been modified to a script with racial discrimination , and that every turkish figure had been described as bad eggs in the movie .
in the film , some frightening prisons and abuse scenes .
shi dong admitted : " perhaps because of the younger generation at that time , it was too strong to express their views , and this has caused some fanfare and indignation . "
however , he added : " the seals have indeed been raped in turkey 's prison , and he has been sentenced to 30 years ' imprisonment for relatively little crimes , and is also cruel in prison . therefore , everything is based on facts . "
" as far as a big point is concerned , turkey is not the only country that operates unperfect prisons , and the united states also has similar problems , " said shi dong .
japan 's economic growth could slow down next year
as the gap between the appreciation of yen and the widening of the rich and the poor may undermine the harmonious atmosphere of the first half of this year , japan 's economy may slow down and enter 2005 .
after 10 years of stagflation , the high profit of manufacturers and the strong consumer spending have brought japan back to its confidence this year , but analysts have expressed the hope for their support for economic growth to china , and even though the political tension between japan and china has been increasing .
the evidence has gradually shown that the japanese economy may have a short decline in early 2005 , especially if industrial production continues to decline , the manufacturers will adjust their stockpile to avoid overstockpiles .
according to the new statistics adopted recently , japan 's economy in april - june declined slightly in the first quarter of the year , with a growth of 0.1 percent in the first quarter of july to september , and was just in a sluggish state .
at present , economists still have very different views on the rebound of the japanese economy .
the growth rate of the japanese economy is expected to reach 2.3 percent in real terms by the end of next march .
they said that to " recover " in 2005 , the reason is : the us economy has steadily returned to the track of recovery , and the spending of japanese consumers has made up for the slowdown in exports .
another pessimistic view is that the growth rate for the current fiscal year is only 1.8 percent , and the next fiscal year 's growth rate is lower to 0.6% .
they raised the " potential risks " , that is , the profit of the manufacturers did not lead to an increase in personal gain .
france , u.s. presidents hold talks on middle east peace process
french foreign minister raymond barre said after meeting with us secretary of state powell today that the resumption of the middle east peace talks would " test " their relations across the atlantic ocean .
after the death of palestinian leader arafat , france called for an international symposium to promote the peace process between israel and palestine , but there were no signs of reaching an agreement .
barnier flew from paris to washington to attend a summit of the european union ( eu ) after conducting lightning talks with powell and his successor rice .
paris and washington both agreed to repair the tense relations between the united states and iraq last year , but the differences between the two countries are still obvious in resolving the middle east deadlock .
after a brief meeting between the us state department and powell , barnier said : " we hope to improve relations between france and the united states and between europe and america . "
he said : " i think the test of the core of the relationship lies in our ability to promote the peace process in palestine and israel . "
barnier earlier this week called for an international symposium on the middle east at an early date to make use of the " window of opportunities " that appeared after the death of arafat last month .
however , powell is still unwilling to make a promise .
he said that the two discussed the british plan to hold a meeting of palestinians , but did not mention whether or not to convene a wider international conference .
us officials have indicated that their primary task is to promote peace between israel and palestine and to ensure the smooth progress of the palestinian elections next month .
the election will create a leader who can control islamic militants and resume talks between israel and palestine .
makiko tanaka suggested that japan and south korea hold talks in january next year
japanese foreign minister makiko tanaka proposed today that japan and south korea should hold talks on the signing of a free trade agreement ( fao ) in january next year .
according to the current news agency report , machimura , in a meeting with the south korean foreign minister and trade minister ban ki - moon in the south , said that the two sides should resume talks as soon as possible because both the tokyo and seoul authorities hope to sign a free trade agreement by the end of 2005 .
prior to the talks between machimura and ban ki - moon , japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi and south korean president roh moo - hyun held a summit meeting on the 17 th . during the talks , roh moo - hyun urged the tokyo authorities to be cautious about the issue of economic sanctions against north korea .
during the cold war , north korea kidnapped a number of japanese nationals , and prime minister koizumi is facing the great pressure of asking the public to punish north korea .
following a decision last week by japanese researchers to confirm the death of the two hostages , the pyongyang authorities were greatly angry about the kidnapping of the family members of the victims .
apart from the kidnapping issue , koizumi and roh moo - hyun agreed that the six - party talks aimed at preventing north korea from developing nuclear weapons should be resumed as soon as possible .
since north korea 's secret development of nuclear weapons program triggered a confrontation in october 2002 , no concrete results have been achieved in the previous three rounds of six - party talks .
north korea later boycotted the fourth round of six - party talks scheduled for september this year .
the six - party talks are south korea , north korea , the united states , china , japan , and russia .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra is still expected to win next february 's election
in 2005 , thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra was confident that he could win the second four - year term , but his reputation had been damaged due to the failure of the separation of the insurgents .
the general election in thailand is scheduled to be held on february 6 next year , and voters and his political opponents are actively preparing for the election . most analysts believe that he will win victory in spite of the serious violent conflicts and the outbreak of bird flu in the southern part of this year .
a total of 12 people in thailand have died of the outbreak of avian influenza this year , but in thailand , the thai government admitted that it had " made a mistake " in handling the epidemic .
however , the health problem is not likely to make thaksin unable to run for a second term , and many people are just asking him to go so far as to what extent he will be able to win the election of the muslims in southern provinces ?
the chairman of the senate foreign relations committee , the senate foreign relations committee , told afp , " the phenomenon here is that he has the support of the broad masses of people . "
he said : " however , the situation next year will start to be split , and if you see the accumulated wealth of his family and the people around you , as well as the unfair and violent situation in society . "
it is precisely because of the lack of fairness and violence in society that there will be turmoil in most parts of the country 's most populous country in southern thailand , and there will be a continual occurrence of the sporadic insurgency since the beginning of the month .
since january this year , islamic radical elements have regarded the buddhism , government officials , and security forces as their target , and they have also carried out bomb attacks and decentralized attacks . so far , more than 560 people have been killed and 100 others have been missing .
palestinian cabinet secretary says arafat was beaten to death about a year ago
palestinian leader arafat 's cabinet secretary abdelamman revealed that ' arafat was poisoned by a group of supporters in ramallah a year ago when he received a delegation from ramallah .
" about one year ago , ' arafat took place a strange thing , which happened on september 25 , 2003 .
at that time , the chairman shook hands with about 30 representatives , and there was a vomiting phenomenon after that .
after that , the health condition of the chairman began to deteriorate gradually . "
' arafat died in the hospital of france on november 11 due to the unknown disease .
some high - level palestinian officials believe that ' arafat is being poisoned by people .
however , the french doctor said that the allegation was groundless .
two weeks ago , the israeli prime minister sharon 's cabinet made a decision to remove arafat from office , but did not say what means to do .
israel 's threat has aroused the world 's support for ' arafat , and arafat has received several groups of supporters ' delegations .
abdelamman recalled : " ' arafat and these people shook hands and expressed their support to ' arafat , who was in the midst of the difficulties encountered by israel . "
on 25 september last year , arafat met with two groups , one from the world , and the other from a political movement group .
abdelamman pointed out : " on 12 october this year , ' arafat was the last time of illness , and the same symptoms were vomiting , no stomach , and all the symptoms similar to influenza . "
bush admitted that training for iraqi troops needed to be strong
us president bush admitted today that iraqi troops have not yet been well prepared to replace us forces , and warned that the general election scheduled for january 30 next year will not be a sentence for iraq 's serious insurgency .
at a one - hour press conference , bush also expressed his support for secretary of defense rumsfeld and expressed his firm belief that the head of the pentagon is " doing a good job . "
bush said that despite serious disagreement , he promised to continue to cooperate with russian president putin and said that the moment is going to end the middle east conflict .
he also held that the best way to deal with the problem of iraq and north korea , a member of the " evil cult " , is to make foreign affairs between many countries .
yesterday , a series of car bomb attacks have occurred in the two major muslim cities of iraq , the islamic holy city of the islamic republic of iraq , and in the wake of the death of 66 people and the injuries caused by more than 200 people . after bush admitted that the insurgency had caused the iraqi people to pay the price , but he insisted that the general election would be held as usual in january .
bush issued a warning to the american people that the iraqi election " was only a start of political progress , " and warned that " i certainly would not think the process would be smooth . "
bush also admitted that the training results of the iraqi security forces are bad .
he said : " when a battle breaks out , they ( iraqi troops ) will get out of the battlefield . "
he said , such iraqi troops will never be able to protect national security , which is unacceptable .
however , he believes that after a long - term training of the us military , the training of iraqi troops will yield results .
iraqi rebels ' attempt to undermine elections doomed failure : white house
in response to a us military base in northern iraq 's northern city of mohammed , the us military restaurant was attacked by rebels at noon today , causing the death of 22 us and iraqi troops , and more than 60 people injured . white house spokesman mcclellan said that the terrorist activities in iraq will be more rampant , but these " freedom enemies " will certainly be eliminated .
reports from iraq pointed out that a huge explosion occurred at the us base in the afternoon , and the officers and men were using meals , causing heavy casualties .
the first election of the iraqi interim government is scheduled to be held on january 30 , when saddam hussein 's regime was killed .
the united states has already sent nearly 20,000 troops to protect the security of the iraqi elections .
during the election , the total number of us troops stationed in iraq will reach 150,000 .
mcclellan said that the closer the election is close to saddam 's death will create more terrorist attacks in an attempt to undermine the transitional government , but " they will be eliminated and they are being eliminated . "
commenting on a latest opinion poll , 56 percent of the american public believe that the iraq war is " a war that is not worth mentioning " and 57 percent do not recognize president bush 's way of handling the iraq situation , 52 percent said that defense secretary rumsfeld should step down , and mcclellan said that president bush will not be dancing along with the polls .
" the poll is a time - long figure , and we continue to work on iraq in accordance with the progress we have made in iraq . "
philippine political figure arrives in funeral for funeral
a large number of fans in the philippines today attended the funeral ceremony of the most famous movie star in the country , which was held under strict security measures because they were worried about a riot .
he lost at the age of 65 when he was in the presidential election .
the coffin , escorted by a group of people , was escorted by the remains of the poet , and the transportation was carried through the streets of manila , capital city .
a large number of riot police were deployed around the maldivian palace to prevent the people in the city from launching violence .
these people accused president arroyo of playing fraudulent tricks in the may 10 presidential election .
the armed forces have also raised the state of alert , because intelligence has pointed out that a coup will soon take place to overthrow arroyo and to use his family as a gift .
however , the moment when the ceremony was held , movie - goers shouted , " the letter of the podium " , and " the campaign poster he had used . "
i was on stroke because i passed away on december 14 .
when the car was riding on the horse to the tomb , the epitome of the women and children cried , and the caseloquently fell to the flower .
as the minister of justice , mr gong , warned that some people could take advantage of the incident to stir up trouble , and that the caspian palace was a roadblock in the vicinity of the route .
gong said that there has been a " reliable intelligence report " that some people have the chance to use the burial and burial of the burial site to incite the public to oppose the government .
however , the spokesman of the armed forces , basque middle school , said that after the military deploys important areas of the armed forces , the coup plot was obviously deformed .
arroyo later walked out of the malacca palace to extend regards to the local police and police .
armitage warned syria to cooperate with the united states on the iraqi issue
us deputy secretary of state armitage issued a warning to syria today , saying that the future development of relations between damascus and washington is at the end of the question of whether syria is willing to cooperate with the united states on the iraq and lebanon issues .
when interviewed by reporters of arab countries , armitage again put greater pressure on syria .
the state council earlier released the contents of the interview .
when asked whether or not the relations between the united states and syria will continue to be tense , armitage replied : " i naturally hope that the relations will improve somewhat , but this will see what the people of the syrian president aceq will do . "
the second figure of the us state department pointed out that damascus should carry out the resolution 1559 adopted by the un security council in september this year , and stop all its interference in its neighboring countries .
armitage said that syria 's act was " not to act against the united states , but to act against the entire international community . "
the reporter again asked : " it is very likely that the united nations security council will discuss the question of whether the un peacekeeping forces will continue to stay in lebanon in january next year . will the united states refuse to cooperate with syria to discuss the issue of armitage 's reply ? "
on the iraq issue , armitage admitted that some actions had been taken by damascus , such as strengthening border patrol with iraq and cutting off the sources of the rebels ' capital .
however , he also pointed out that syria " still needs to make greater efforts . "
agreement signed today with north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) to renew a new building site
the united states today signed a lease on a new building in the north american affairs coordination committee , the director of the taipei office of the us association for relations across the taiwan strait , boucher , said that the new building is being designed and hopes to be completed at an early date , and in a safe and modern environment .
at noon , the secretary general of the north american affairs coordination committee , chen zhongzhong , signed a 99 - year - old land lease at the grand hyatt hotel in taipei , as a site for the new office building of the us association for taiwan affairs .
seeing a witness to the ceremony , the deputy director of the taipei office of the us taiwan association , and liu shanshan , deputy secretary general of the north american affairs coordination committee , and chen tangshan , foreign minister , also attended the ceremony .
the united states has established an office in taipei and kaohsiung in accordance with the taiwan relations act to handle the unofficial relations between the united states and the taiwan people .
in his speech , boucher said : at least 10 years ago , the united states began to cooperate with the north american affairs coordination committee and the taipei city government to find a new office building in the taiwan association .
he said : at present , there is no room for you to see the old in the office of the letters .
as far as the us association for taiwan affairs is concerned , the relocation of the new office building will be a challenge , and the us association in taiwan will be able to concentrate its existing scattered offices in all parts of taipei and handle business in a safe and modern environment .
he said that the new building is now under planning and hopes to become a more colorful building in taiwan , as well as the pride of taipei residents .
after the project is completed , the construction contracts , the construction contracts , and other operators will start work on the construction of the project and hope that the construction of the project will start in the next few years .
a spokesman for the us association for taiwan affairs said that all the cost of building design , including land rents and construction design , is estimated to be about us $ 160 million , and whether or not it will be completed in 2008 , it is necessary to judge many factors , so that the faster the better .
thousands of followers went to bethlehem to take part in the peace night mass
thousands of followers are gather in bethlehem in the west bank and are ready to take part in the peace night mass .
at the same time , the mainstream faction of the palestinian liberation organization seems to have defeated hamas in the palestinian local election held yesterday .
in the area of violent clashes , three palestinian young people were killed in a gunbattle between israeli troops and palestinian gunmen .
israel 's residents , on the other hand , blocked a major road to protest against mortar attacks .
palestinian liberation organization leader abbas has also been permitted to go to bethlehem in the west bank town of the jordan river , the first time in the past four years that the israeli authorities have allowed important palestinian leaders to participate in the christmas festival celebrations .
after returning to the palestinian region in 1994 , palestinian leader arafat was often a guest of the bethlehem , but since early december 2001 , arafat has been trapped in the palestinian headquarters in ramallah .
at noon today , the jerusalem post , the elder yousin , started the traditional itinerary at the bethlehem square in bethlehem , and several thousand protestors and the followers of the protestant churches have gathered in the maastricht square long ago .
al - aqsa is scheduled to deliver a speech to thousands of followers at midnight in the main church .
before noon , the maldivian plaza had been packed with the followers of the christmas fan , and they had been continuously shuttle to the outside of the church , and a variety of lamp and all kinds of decorations .
the israeli authorities have specially relaxed the travel restrictions to facilitate protestors from the gaza strip , the west bank , and israel to go to bethlehem to take part in the peace night .
putin says acquisition of yukos 's major assets aimed at protecting national interests
russian president vladimir putin pointed out today that the main assets of russia 's acquisition of russian oil giant yukos were to protect national interests , and this was also the first renationalization of the country in the post-soviet era .
at a year - end press conference held at the kremlin , putin said : " russia is now using the absolute legal market mechanism to protect national interests .
i think this is completely normal . "
the russian state - owned oil company , after the acquisition of the previously secret auction , has become the new east asian - pacific oil corporation of the krasnoyarsk oil company .
the russian state - owned oil company suddenly announced at midnight last night that it had already obtained 100 percent of the stocks of the previous beral financial group .
the acquisition enabled the kremlin to firmly control russia 's important energy industry .
in the past 18 months , the russian authorities have been attacking the us cox company and its joint venture , which has been creating hundreds of millions of people .
the russian state - owned oil company is merged with the russian state - owned gas company , and the three companies will jointly control one - fifth of russia 's total oil production and all of its natural gas production and become the largest energy group in the world .
putin defended the privatisation of the privatisation box in the 1990 s , and defended the country 's current acquisition action .
the privatisation measures at that time resulted in the most valuable assets of the russian economy , which were included in the hands of a small number of businessmen , such as the skyscrates .
the beal financial group previously offered a bid of us $ 9350 million to buy the controlling power of the yugansk oil company .
ziyou announced his own victory in ukrainian presidential election
due to the initial election results , the opposition party leader , the leader of the opposition party , and the current prime minister , the prime minister , the prime minister of the election , also announced that he had won the election , and the supporters of the likud , the independence square in the center of kiev , held another rally today to celebrate the victory .
fifty - year - old ziyou told the crowd in the square : " this is the only clean and successful political victory . "
he said : " this is a victory , and the people of ukraine have already displayed their strength , and the ukrainian people have bravely stood up to oppose this regime that may be the most obedient one in eastern european countries , and the country and people of ukraine have won victory today . "
he said : " over the past 14 years , we have been independent , but we have no freedom . "
ukraine has started a new political era today .
( the time when he is about to be relieved of his office as the former president , krasnok and ( current prime minister ) akovic have entered history . "
according to the results of the election of the ukrainian central election commission , the leader of the opposition party , the leader of the popular vote in the presidential election , was temporarily led by his rival , and the current prime minister atovic and 16 percentage points , according to the results of the election .
the ukrainian central committee said that the pfp has won 56.33 percent of the votes in the west , and that the people - to - people asian bokovic won 39.6 percent of the votes .
the results of the survey were based on the results of a nationwide vote of 50.6 percent in the country .
there are more than 33,000 ballots in ukraine .
in addition , according to the latest export poll released earlier , yukovic led by 15 to 20 percentage points in the united states .
japan 's ministry of justice to put on trial e - mail to reduce office pressure
the japanese ministry of finance today launched a advanced internet program , hoping that by 2010 , 20 percent of the japanese labor population will be able to carry out the " electronic communication " work from the home to reduce the pressure of office life and the problem of the family .
an official from the ministry of finance said that about 4 million japanese are now working outside the office , which is the 6 percent of japan 's 63.2 million labor force .
starting from january , the ministry of health will have six staff members who do not need to enter the office for at least one week , and can work at home , universities or libraries through high - speed internet services .
the ministry will continue to respond to the move to expand the scope of this advanced plan until the ministry of health has a total of 2,500 staff members and 20 percent of the staff in the country by 2006 .
the ministry of finance said that the plan would enable employees to hold a meeting on the internet chat room and the electronic communication conference , hoping to " increase the efficiency of the workplace . "
he said that the electronic service would allow more time for workers to get along with their families , so that more people who had to bear the burden of their families could help them .
he said that the scheme would also reduce the traffic congestion problem , including the exhaust gas of vehicles and the overcrowding problem at peak periods .
he said : the target of this plan is to further raise the percentage of the japanese electronics industry to 10 percent by 2005 , by encouraging private enterprises to share electronic communication technology .
pentagon launches unprecedented rescue operation for asian tsunami victims
the pentagon said today that the pentagon had launched its largest - scale rescue operation to help disaster victims in asia , including mobilizing two aircraft carriers , 20 aircraft carriers , and tens of thousands of people .
a spokesman for the pentagon and a navy spokesman said that the us military was facing the challenge of launching operations in several areas after the tsunami disaster that killed more than 80,000 people on the 26 th .
" this is one of the largest humanitarian aid activities in the pentagon , " he told afp .
lieutenant general kang weimin , the chief of staff of the joint chiefs of staff , said that they were seeking an assessment of the scale of the disaster and had sent a disaster relief team to thailand , sri lanka , and indonesia .
the pentagon said that the pentagon has sent 20 aircraft to south asia , including six c - 130 transport planes , five - 135 air - to - air refueling planes , and nine jian - 3 reconnaissance planes .
the pentagon also mobilized the " lin kentucun " and " li chishu " aircraft carriers and their ships .
the " lin kwei " battle group and 12 helicopters and 9,000 people under its jurisdiction have been sent from hong kong to the sea and land , and they will eventually be deployed in the open sea off soy .
the " li chishu " , which has 25 helicopters , 2,100 marine corps and 1,400 troops , has been on a journey from guam and is expected to arrive in benga before january 7 next year .
the pentagon has decided to mobilize five ships from guam and mobilize two ships that can produce fresh water from the indian ocean garcia .
the us military 's rescue operation will be conducted by siege and siege in thailand 's ulu base , he said .
argentina 's capital holds huge fire , killing at least 169 people
a big fire broke out on the evening of the 30 th in the center of buenos aires , killing at least 169 people and injuring 375 people , officials of the argentine capital city government said today .
at the time when the fire broke out , about 2,000 young people were filled with the night club to celebrate the end of the school year .
the head of the city government health department , mr stenton , pointed out that the above - mentioned statistics were not the final figures .
" this is a disaster ! " the argentine interior minister warned that the number of deaths is only a temporary figure .
shi frankly pointed out that at least 375 people , including 18 police officers , were injured in the great hall of the people .
the spokesman said that the dance hall , which is located in the center of the city , was shot before midnight on the 30 th , and about 2,000 young people participated in rock and roll concert in the dance hall .
the mayor of buenos aires said that the fire broke out without confirmation that some people threw fireworks into the concert .
according to basra , " this is a terrorist night . "
when fire officers tried hard to fight the fire , the bodies of the victims were discharged on the streets .
in a state of chaos , several hundred police and firefighters , together with the frightening young people , and the parents of the children , who are in the midst of the unforgettable summer .
relief supplies to asian countries within a few weeks
the united nations said today that urgently needed disaster relief materials would be delivered to the tsunami victims in the province of the indian province after " several weeks . "
the us navy helicopters today flew to the qiongqi city of the capital of the asian province , and more and more field hospital operation in the city , and a large number of rescue materials were successively delivered to the airport .
however , the head of the un office for humanitarian co - ordination in indonesia , ashley , told reporters that the relief supplies could not be rapidly transported because of the many problems in coordination and infrastructure .
after returning to the capital of the capital of jakarta , aidi , through telephone , told reporters that " we need a few weeks to send the relief items to all isolated areas . "
he said : " this is a question of concern , and we are making every effort to try our best to build a material distribution system for the greater asian region . "
the united nations and other relief organizations have warned residents in the sumatra disaster areas that if they have not immediately obtained clean drinking water and food supply and medical treatment , they may be killed in a few days .
" i do n't want to see the disaster victims to get food and drinking water , but this is obviously not what we would like to see . "
he said : " this is a very serious situation , and we can only hope that the action can be accelerated . "
japan offers 500 million us dollars in disaster relief
japan today promised to provide 500 - million us dollars in aid to the countries that suffered from the great disaster in the indian ocean , and at the time when the various countries were trying to help the victims of the world 's most serious disaster , japan 's aid has become the first in all countries , and the total amount of disaster relief and reconstruction funds to be increased to 1.6 - billion us dollars .
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi issued a statement saying that japan , as the largest economy in asia , will also consider providing more aid , including money and technology .
he said : " japan will do its best to provide aid in three areas : financial resources , knowledge technology , and human resources . "
he said : " japan will give a donation of us $ 500 million to the countries affected and relevant international organizations for emergency aid in response to the disaster . "
koizumi also said that he would attend the world leaders ' meeting in the indonesian capital of jakarta on the 6 th to discuss issues of aid to countries that suffered from the tsunami disaster .
us president bush was criticized for being slow in response to this human disaster , and the us government had promised to increase the amount of aid by 10 times yesterday to reach 350 million us dollars .
china , which has always been considered to be more and more inclined to challenge japan 's influence in asia , has promised to provide $ 60.5 million in aid . this is a large number of developing countries .
" japan will mobilize helicopters and personnel of the fire station to make more contributions , " koizumi said .
japan will also consider more forces as soon as possible , including the use of the aircraft , warships , and personnel of the japanese self - defense forces . "
japan had promised to provide 30 million us dollars to countries that suffered from the tsunami disaster .
a spokesman for the ministry of foreign affairs said that the us $ 500 million of koizumi 's remark also includes the 30 million us dollars .
50 groups to provide india with medical aid : who
the world health organization ( who ) said today that 50 aid groups have arrived in the province of the country to provide medical assistance to survivors who had been hit by the tsunamis .
the world health organization ( who ) 's indonesian representative petersburg said that the world health organization ( who ) is trying to coordinate all groups and has held a meeting with them this afternoon .
petersen said that the coordination work was very difficult because many groups had been directly involved in the disaster relief work .
in a telephone interview in jakarta , petersburg said : " we are trying to develop a multitude of things , but each group has just arrived , but each group has also expressed their willingness to cooperate . "
petersen reiterated that the world health organization 's major concerns were to prevent the outbreak of epidemic outbreaks such as cholera and dysentery , which could lead to tens of thousands of deaths .
petersen said : " we are very worried that many people are homeless because they have no adequate drinking water or proper food .
therefore , conditions for an outbreak of infectious diseases are already in place . "
however , petersen stressed that so far , there are no signs of the disease .
the indonesian ministry of health said that in this tsunami disaster , the number of people killed in sumatra could reach 100,000 , and most of these victims were in the asian province .
as most of the medical facilities in the asian - pacific region have been destroyed , over the past week , the indonesian and singapore governments have set up at least eight field hospitals , and the united nations children 's fund has also started to send basic medical drugs to help 200,000 children .
powell forecasts shiite to win iraq 's election
us secretary of state powell predicted today that the shiite will win in the upcoming iraq election , but he also believed that because the iraqi shiite and the shiite faction are not harmonious in the past , there is no need to worry too much about the possibility of the victory of the shiite faction in iraq .
more and more signs show that sunni muslims may resist the election on january 30 , and may also be prohibited by the iraqi authorities from taking part in the election because of the spread of rebellion .
in his " meeting with the press " program of the us national broadcasting corporation , powell said : " the new government and the transitional nature of the us congress will account for the majority of the shiites .
most of the iraqi population is also the shiite . "
more than 60 percent of the shiite muslims account for iraq 's population , and most of them live in southern and central parts of the country .
sunni is occupied by the central and western provinces , accounting for 20 per cent of the population .
the former foreign minister of the " iraqi independence democratic party " , who is currently leader sunni , today called for an extension of the election , but powell said that the iraqi election will be held as scheduled .
powell also said that he felt that the future iraqi government would not mean that iran would control iraq 's political situation .
he said : " i now feel that even though iran 's influence is not enough to influence the political situation in iraq , iran and the shiite are very different from each other , and in the past , there was a serious lack of conflict with each other . "
international relief to victims of tsunami - struck one after another
the rescue forces from foreign countries are currently building a water supply system in the asian tsunami - stricken areas to help millions of homeless and famine victims .
according to statistics , the number of deaths has climbed to nearly 150,000 people .
us president bush entrusted his father and former president clinton to be responsible for raising donations from the people .
the us delegation led by us secretary of state powell arrived in thailand last night before the crisis summit in the indonesian capital of jakarta to assess the progress of the rescue work .
powell and his entourage include president bush 's younger brother , florida governor george w. bush , and the director of the us international development agency , george w. bush .
powell will lead a delegation to inspect the disaster situation in thailand , indonesia , and sri lanka and participate in the summit on the 6 th .
powell said that the purpose of his visit is to assess the disaster and to observe what the united states needs to do , but he will not immediately increase more aid in the pledged 350 million us dollars in donations .
so far , there have been voices of abandoning the whereabouts of thousands of tourists who are still unknown , and many of them are foreign tourists .
but thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra vowed to continue his search in his country .
" foreign experts told me that they ( missing persons ) may be buried in the woods in the woods , and we will continue to do our best to search for them , " he said .
the large - scale international rescue operation , the largest in history , continued to be carried out .
the naval helicopters sent by the us aircraft carrier " lin kentucun " have been carrying out the task of the second day in the indian province of the country to carry out the task of airdropping the relief materials and carrying the survivors .
rear admiral klaus , commander of the navy , said that some 50,000 pounds of food and water have been transported to the disaster areas , and the task is " smooth . "
aid to tsunami disaster victims and concealed political struggles
at a time when the source of materials for the relief of the asian tsunami disaster was in the dark , the activities of not only were also carried out in the dark . the governments of all countries should be funded on the one hand , and on the other hand , they should be given assistance , and should be the largest - scale relief operation that should be led by that side .
this disaster caused nearly 150,000 people to death , which led to the old war , including the disagreement between the united states , the united nations , and europe , and the struggle for the leading position of asia .
however , the disaster - relief experts still have a cautious hope , holding that this disaster may lead to a precedent in the world : the country that promised to provide aid will really fulfill its promise .
professor zhu senma of the international development institute of harvard university said : " the commitments made by the governments of various countries in the aid have never been fulfilled in a timely manner . "
the aid provided by the governments of various countries has reached $ 2 billion , including un secretary general annan , us secretary of state powell , and other international political circles , and the leaders of australia , china , and japan will hold a political crisis summit in jakarta on the 6 th .
after being accused of being dumped , and the un high - ranking official for relief affairs , the united states has openly criticized the rich countries , and us president bush has increased the number of us aid to us $ 350 million .
in asia , the tsunami disaster has caused an increase in confidence in china 's commitment to providing us $ 60.5 million in aid to a developing country , which is a great deal .
japan , which has reduced its foreign aid budget for six years running , has also rapidly shrunk its national strength , and has promised to put forward at least 500 million us dollars in aid . this has made all other countries in the world .
frequent visits to sri lanka by world leaders
sri lankan officials said that the leaders of various countries , including un secretary general annan and us secretary of state powell , have arrived in sri lanka one after another , to personally understand the great tsunami disaster in sri lanka at the end of last month .
they said that powell has arrived here and south korean prime minister li haisheng will arrive in the country later at noon .
in a press release issued by the us embassy , powell said that powell would visit some areas that suffered the most serious disaster on december 26 last year , including the southern part of the us navy and marine corps as a relief mission .
the south korean embassy said that li haibin will visit the western coast in the company of prime minister sri lanka .
the statement said : " with the company of sri lanka 's prime minister , the south korean prime minister will visit the west coast to personally observe the life , life , and property loss of the people . "
during his stay in the country , li haibin will be able to monitor the rescue operation of the south korean civilian and non - governmental organizations .
un secretary general annan is scheduled to arrive in the evening for a two - day visit .
" he will visit the southern and eastern regions , accompanied by world bank president voronin . "
the world health organization 's secretary - general , li xide , will also arrive in tashilhunpo today .
german foreign minister snow is scheduled to arrive in sri lanka last weekend .
a number of world leaders will be coming in sri lanka , officials said .
the leaders , including canadian prime minister martin martin , announced yesterday that martin will visit sri lanka and thailand later this month .
bush : us to strengthen peace - keeping efforts after palestinian elections
us president bush said today that the high percentage of votes in the election today in palestine was " deeply moved " and he promised that the united states would strengthen its peace efforts .
" the palestinian people in the west bank and the gaza strip have taken a crucial step toward the establishment of the future democratic politics , " president bush said in a statement .
an observer of the election described this as a free and fair election . "
he said : " this is a historic day for the palestinian people and the middle east people . "
export polls show that former prime minister abbas has won the election with a huge gap of two - thirds of votes .
he will inherit arafat and become chairman of the palestinian autonomous government .
bush said : " these efforts , including today 's presidential election and the election of the congress in a few months after the election , are very important to the establishment of a state of palestine , which is independent , democratic , and peaceful , which will ensure israel 's security . "
he said the us government is looking forward to cooperating with the newly elected chairman of the palestinian autonomous government and the palestinian people in order to promote the great cause of peace in the middle east .
the peace in the middle east accords with the aspirations of the peace and security of the peoples of israel and palestine .
bush also called on israel to help improve the humanitarian and economic situation in the west bank and the gaza strip .
he also said that arab countries must " take concrete steps together with all relevant parties to create a regional environment that is conducive to peace , and give financial support to the palestinian people and refuse to help or protect terrorist elements . "
un chief visits sri lankan area control area in sri lanka
un secretary general annan said today that he hoped that the day would return to sri lanka , " every place to visit this country . "
annan ended his two - day visit to the tsunami - stricken areas in the country , but reports said that the government had stopped him from visiting the northern region under the control of the rebels .
at the press conference , annan was asked whether the government of the slovak republic , as reported by a number of national newspapers , was stopping his visit to the region under the control of the rebel group , " said : " i hope to come back to all areas of the country and help speed up the peace process . "
the secretary - general said that the personal visit to the areas under the control of the guerrillas was against him , because she was worried that the rebels would use his visit as a political bargaining chip .
he said : " i have put forward the question of the peace process and the necessity of strengthening the peace process .
i also discussed the incident with the president of the qalabama incident . "
the uncontrollable rebel forces in the northern part of the town of arnablal , a few hundred people went to protest in front of the un office in yablus .
however , the slovak government resolutely denied media reports , saying that these media " misleading " the matter .
on the other hand , while all - out efforts were made to carry out disaster relief work , the national meteorological unit warned that the typhoon is likely to hit the coastline of sri lanka , and the typhoon is now being formed in the coastal waters .
russian space agency denies rocket fuel causing specific illness
the russian space agency today denied the report that the high - toxic rocket fuel , which was fired by russia at the baikonur space base in kazakhstan , has caused a serious disease to the children in the vicinity .
the latest issue of the " natural " science journal today quoted a study that the standards of the residents in the pollution area are two times that of the common area .
the study was carried out by a group of russian scientists led by the researchers of the institute .
in response , the russian space agency said : " space - related activities have a direct impact on the health of the residents and have not been confirmed . "
the study was quoted by natural science magazine as saying that children of the altai republic were mainly involved in the study .
altai is located at the edge of siberia .
the republic of altai was elected as the target of its research because it was not burning fuel , especially the european union .
some of russia 's space launch missions are using them as fuel of the previous several stages .
in the year 1998 - 2000 , about 1,000 children 's health records in the two pollutants were compared with 3,300 children 's health records in the vicinity .
according to the natural science journal , by the end of the quarter , the number of children in the most seriously polluted areas is nearly two times the number of children who need medical care , and the time for treatment is two times .
white house says iraq elections must have flawed
the white house admitted today that the iraqi election is scheduled to be held on january 30 , and at the same time , two car bomb attacks occurred in iraq 's mohammed suzuki , killing at least two iraqi soldiers .
white house spokesman mcclellan said when asked whether or not to agree with iraqi prime minister allawi , violence would make iraq unable to vote in some areas . mcclellan said : " we all acknowledge that the election will not be perfect . "
he said : " this is the first time that the iraqi people can choose their leaders freely . this is for the sake of a transitional government , and is also one of the three elections this year . "
" therefore , we will try our best to help the iraqi people and the transitional government to ensure that the upcoming elections can be more participated as much as possible , " mcclellan said .
in a bloody insurgency in iraq on the 11 th , at least 25 people were killed in a car bomb attack by former president saddam hussein 's hometown , claiming that some areas in iraq would not be able to participate in the elections this month .
at the same time , two car bombs exploded in iraqi mohammed , killing at least two iraqi soldiers .
us military officials told afp that a goods vehicle was attempting to attack a us - iraq joint military fleet , killing people who were not killed .
snow said another car bomb exploded on the street , killing two iraqi soldiers .
us trade deficit hit record high in november
the u.s. commerce department reported today that its exports shrank by 2.3 percent in november , with a trade deficit of 60.3 billion dollars .
the us exports fell to a new low point in the past five months , but at the same time , because the us imports of oil orders increased to $ 14.2 billion , increasing by more than $ 2 billion , and the growth rate reached 1.3 percent , and the imports increased by 1.3 percent , reaching a record high of $ 155.8 billion .
the trade balance has increased by 7.7 percent from the revised us $ 566 billion in october last year , a significant increase of 50.8 percent from the us $ 40 billion in november 1999 .
according to a survey conducted by the nba 's market observation , wall street 's economic scholars forecast that the trade deficit of financial goods and labor would fall to about 53.3 billion us dollars .
although the us dollar is weak and the us products are relatively cheap , the us trade deficit is still expanding .
the ministry of commerce said today that it would put pressure on the us dollar , and once again called on washington to be able to do something in the us - china trade imbalance .
the decline in us exports in november last year was due to a decrease of us $ 1.4 billion in capital goods , including a decrease of 300 million in the export of aircraft and aircraft engine .
exports of industrial materials decreased by $ 800 million , of which energy was mainly centered on energy .
exports of motor vehicles , consumer goods and food also declined .
japanese defense agency chief calls for respecting neighboring countries ' dignity
japan 's defense agency chief takeshi noda said today that when japan adopts a relatively high international attitude , it will not forget the history of militarism and will remember the " dignity " of its neighboring asian countries .
when asked about the possibility of sending the self - defense forces to the south asian tsunami disaster , takeshi said : " when we have been in contact with southeast asian countries , we should never forget the past . "
he told reporters : " we must establish a relationship with our friendly countries , so that we can tell our friendly states that we are goodwill .
when we review the past , we should fully respect the dignity of other countries . "
kono especially mentioned that this year is the 60 th anniversary of the end of world war ii . he said : " we hope to be reborn and cooperate with the new era . "
the just - concluded visit to many countries in south asia , he said that when the indonesian leader told him that the japanese self - defense forces ' aid - relief mission was completed by the end of march , he felt the " dignity " of an independent country .
the united nations has expressed concern over the deadline for the indonesian government to send troops to foreign countries .
foreign troops have been highly praised for their support and assistance to remote tsunami victims .
nearly 1,000 japanese self - defense forces are going to the tsunami - stricken countries on december 26 , with more than 163,000 people killed by the natural disasters .
this was the largest - scale deployment of the japanese self - defense forces since the end of world war ii .
the us - led japanese constitution stipulates that the self - defense forces cannot use force after the war .
political intervention in napster programs , japan 's media detonated a battle .
according to the media , the japanese broadcasting corporation ( nbc ) has been under pressure from the political circles . a few years ago , when broadcasting a program on the japanese army 's strong comfort women during world war ii , the content of the program will be shrunk , and the japanese liberal media will be in the same way as those of the conservative faction .
it is said that napster , after discussing with the senior political figures , was expelled from the majority of the program 's visit , and the number of people who criticized japan 's wartime act as the victims of the comfort women , and the liberals criticized the napster method .
however , conservatives , however , have decided to defend the decision on the revision of napster program content , holding that the top management of the company has the responsibility to ensure the fair and objective of the program .
the dispute broke out last week , and the key to the 2001 broadcast was a simulated trial on the crimes of the japanese army in collecting comfort women .
the trial was held in december 2000 by a women 's right - wing group in tokyo , and the final ruling was made by the japanese emperor yuren because he had allowed the japanese army to use comfort women during the japanese occupation of asian countries in those years .
the historians said that at least 200,000 young women were forced to go to the front - line japanese troops to be comfort women , and most of them came from south korea , but some from taiwan , china , the philippines , and indonesia .
the producers of this program , the well - known , wang wang wang , held a press conference on the 13 th , saying that before the broadcast , the top - level hatoysters had met with the diet members of the ruling party , shinzo abe , and nakatani , and they expressed their concern over the content of the program .
according to long yongtu , the top leader of napster said that he would relaunch a program and reduce its contents .
he said : " napster hatched the hatch to low political pressure . "
abe and nakatani admitted that they had met with napster and told them that they would " be fair , " but they resolutely denied exerting pressure on the company .
euro zone data show core inflation under control
the euro zone economic data released this week show that the core rate of inflation is still under control , economists said today .
at the same time , the euro zone 's industrial production and french consumer spending are expected to decline .
the european union ( eu ) census and statistics department ( c & sd ) released a report of inflation on the 20 th of this month , which is expected to increase slightly from 2.2% in november to 2.3 percent in december .
however , the increase rate reflects the increase in tobacco tariffs , and the core rate of inflation is expected to remain at 1.9 percent .
the core rate of inflation will be released together with consumer price figures .
economists pointed out that the core rate of inflation in the prices of food , energy , tobacco , and so on has been maintained between 1.6 and 2 percent in the past two years .
the president of the european central bank ( ecb ) , trichet , said on the 13 th that short - term price pressure has been lowered recently .
although inflation will remain at more than 2 percent in the next few months , it may be reduced by the end of this year .
at the same time , another economist said that in view of the slowdown in germany 's growth , the euro zone 's industrial production is expected to decline on november 18 .
industrial production in germany declined by 1.7% in november , while the financial news agency reported that industrial production in the euro zone would drop further by 0.4 percent in november after a 0.5 percent decline in october .
the industrial production of the euro zone is expected to rebound in december , the us bank said .
bureaucratic style has hit tsunami victims twice
after the three weeks of the strongest tsunami attack in history , the disaster victims are now struggling with bureaucratic style and political leaders , and at the same time the global focus has been shifted to other countries .
thousands of molecules have been excavated from the sand sculptures , and the number of people killed in the december 26 disaster has exceeded 168,000 , and at the same time , the upcoming iraq general election and the inauguration of president bush have replaced the tsunami disaster , becoming the top news of the world media .
indonesia originally asked foreign troops to take part in humanitarian aid missions within three months , but the request was subsequently recovered .
in thailand , leaders of canada , sweden , norway and finland are discussing the reconstruction plan and identification of bodies .
however , the survivors are faced with new difficulties , such as the deep - rooted bureaucratic style in indonesia , which has obstructed the release of relief materials in various parts of the world .
in the vicinity of a small village near the headquarters of the capital of the asian and pacific region of indonesia 's sumatra island , the fishing industry said : " we are a person who does not exist at all , and the tsunami has caused us to suffer losses , and we have lost everything , and we are facing hunger . "
he said : " we saw on tv the food , clothing , and other relief materials that had come to the region ? "
like thousands of other disaster victims , brady and other official documents lost their identity cards and made him a nightmare .
although he earnestly asked the officials to go through the procedures every day , the results were the same as : he could not get the rescue work .
rumors that zeng qinghong went to visit zhao ziyang
the china human rights movement information center in hong kong said that chinese vice - president zeng qinghong had gone to the hospital to visit him before the chinese communist party 's former general secretary zhao ziyang died of illness this morning .
the information center said that according to zhao ziyang 's family , zeng qinghong went to beijing hospital to visit him at about 6 am and he died at about an hour later .
zhao ziyang , former general secretary of the chinese communist party and prime minister , was later regarded by the government as a non - welcome figure for opposing the use of force against the democratic movement in tiananmen square in 1989 .
the information center said that according to zhao 's family , the incumbent premier wen jiabao , who had worked under zhao ziyang 's hand , did not go to see him when he was in a critical position .
however , before zhao ziyang was in an unconscious state on the 14 th , tian jiyun , a retired central committee member of his assistant , went to see him .
the china human rights movement information center has been in contact with zhao 's home , and for many years it has issued correct information on zhao ziyang 's situation in a timely manner .
the information center said that about 20 retired party , government , and military officials prepared to send an open letter to the cpc , calling for reevaluating zhao ziyang 's contributions , and urged him to hold an open memorial service .
the center also said that zhao 's family will not be allowed to hold or prepare for the funeral , and the relevant arrangements will be decided by the party .
zhao ziqi 's wife , aged 86 .
the information center said that due to her poor health condition , she had not been informed that her husband had died this evening .
zhao ziyang urges china to promote democratization
after the death of former cpc leader zhao ziyang today , people in all walks of life in the world have spoken highly of him , and japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi , the taiwan government , and overseas chinese democratic movement figures have called on beijing to implement zhao ziyang 's democratic reform concept .
zhao ziyang , who was ousted at the beijing hospital in 1989 for the purpose of opposing military crackdown on tiananmen square democratic movement , died at the age of 85 this morning .
according to the news agency report , japanese prime minister koizumi said in his memory of zhao ziyang : " i hope that they ( china ) will strive for democratization . "
taiwan also urged china to carry out democratic and political reforms after zhao ziyang 's death .
" one of the greatest reformists in china " is zhao ziyang , a figure of the overseas chinese democratic movement , who sacrificed his political life in order to oppose the bloody suppression of the tiananmen square .
" in the 15 years he has been the leader of the new york free china movement , he openly advocated political reform and the rule of law and democracy .
zhao ziyang will be remembered by the later generations as a true democrat and a person with principle . "
some democratic movement figures asked the chinese government to hold a public funeral for zhao , and to make fair comments on his achievements .
however , they admitted that zhao was not likely to receive this courtesy because the chinese government was worried that the people who were dissatisfied with the party 's rule would make use of this opportunity to create chaos .
in 1989 , the students ' movement was triggered by the reformist leader hu yaobang 's death .
xinhua news agency issued a brief report today , saying that comrade zhao ziyang was the only official comment on the incident because of his illness in beijing .
undp : unfulfilled commitments to reduce poverty : un
an expert group appointed by the united nations said in a new report that it has promised to provide money to help the poor countries with a view to reducing the world 's extremely poor population by 2010 .
the world 's rich countries have promised to participate in the united nations ' ambitious " millennium development goals " plan , so as to improve the destiny of the world 's poor and suffering population .
however , there are only one - billion people in the world who are living in less than $ 1 - billion a day , and the population of 2.7 - billion is less than $ 2 - billion a day . un experts said that the time for the rich countries to fulfill their commitments is not a few .
" these goals can still be achieved by using the correct mobilization of resources and political will and the reform of the developing countries , " said brown , director of the un development program .
un experts said that the world 's 22 rich countries promise to provide 0.7 percent of their gross domestic product ( gdp ) assistance , but they are currently providing only 0.25 percent of them .
the development experts headed by the former harvard economists , who have been entrusted by un secretary - general annan , have made progress reports , including the elimination of extreme poverty , the popularization of the early - stage education , the reduction of the death rate of children , and the crackdown on aids and other fatal diseases .
the report said : " the practical solution has already existed , the political structure has been established , and the cost is the first time to bear the burden . now it is just a lack of action . "
united nations announces establishment of global disaster warning system
the united nations announced that it would establish a global disaster warning system to prevent major natural disasters .
however , after the tragic disaster in south asia , the disaster warning system used the technology of that country .
after a global meeting in kobe , japan , many un organizations issued a joint statement saying that un experts would set up a global disaster warning system to reduce the damage caused by major natural disasters .
the huge tsunami disaster caused great indignation among countries in the indian ocean .
" this new plan will bring peace and security to mankind , " said the head of the international strategy organization for reducing disasters .
an effective early warning system will ensure the life and safety of millions of people around the world . "
however , most of the united nations ' statement has a symbolic significance .
the united nations educational , scientific , and cultural organization ( unesco ) officials said that more important consultations should be conducted on this disaster warning system .
the unesco is taking the lead in promoting the establishment of a global disaster warning system .
" at present , several countries have put forward different plans , so we need to coordinate and cooperate with each other . "
aznar said that the commission will hold two meetings within 60 days , hoping that the two meetings can decide to adopt the tsunami warning system in that country .
one of the meetings was held in paris , where another meeting was not yet decided .
aznar hoped that the global disaster warning system would be completed in mid - 2006 , and this is also the target date set by the united nations educational , scientific and cultural organization .
aids cases in beijing increase 4 percent annually
xinhua news agency , beijing , december 1 , ( by zhao xinpei and li xu ) - the beijing municipal public health bureau recently released the latest figures of the beijing municipal aids epidemic , and the beijing municipality 's total number of cases of hiv / aids has been found in 2046 from 1985 to october 2004 , and the average number of cases of the disease has increased by 40.6% per year .
according to the national aids statistics , the number of reported aids cases in beijing municipality is ranked eighth in the country .
of the 2046 cases of hiv / aids , 403 are residents of beijing municipality , 1507 are foreign floating population , 106 are foreign personnel , and 30 are not complete .
according to analysis , beijing municipality 's aids infection is mainly caused by the use of the drug addiction and sexual transmission , with the use of the mobile population as the mainstay , and the transmission of aids in foreign countries .
in order to prevent the further spread of aids , since july 2004 , the disease prevention and control center of 18 districts and counties in beijing municipality has established a free consultation room and antibodies to conduct face - to - face consultations , blood - to - face inspection , and the epidemiological investigation , and will be gradually spread to the second - class hospital at and above the city level .
the beijing municipal health bureau has designated the beijing municipal public health bureau as a free treatment hospital for aids , and the beijing municipal hospital is responsible for the clinical part of the free treatment of aids , and the drug tests are organized by the beijing municipal health bureau and the city financial bureau .
the beijing municipal education commission has studied and formulated a free teaching policy for patients and children of the hiv / aids virus , as well as a policy for the education of young students who have been infected with hiv .
at present , the hospitals at and above the second level of obstetrics and gynaecology in the whole city have been engaged in free aids consultation and the screening of the disease , while the local hospital and the youcai hospital have been treated as a drug treatment hospital for pregnant women .
at present , the department has already installed a safe system of automatic home - made device for the drug addicts to carry out methadone treatment and to build a clean needle exchange .
shanghai 's power production capacity rises to first in the world
xinhua news agency , shanghai , december 1 ( reporter jiang wei ) - with the completion of a 660,000 kilowatts generating unit , the shanghai electric power company , the shanghai electric power group , has completed the production target of 15 million kilowatts , and the output and production of the equipment of the shanghai power station has been the first in the world and the long - cherished wish of several generations of the chinese equipment manufacturing industry .
the shanghai electric power group is china 's largest power plant manufacturing base .
in recent years , due to the rapid growth in china 's demand for power generation equipment , the national power generation manufacturers have entered a stage of high growth and great development .
the shanghai electric power group has integrated the advantages of the power stations , such as the power plant , and the hydroelectric power plant , and after receiving four million kilowatts of the power generating units , the shanghai electric power group has also obtained the production orders of nine heavy - duty coal - fired turbine generating units and three other thermal power plants .
at the same time , through integrated operation , it has further enhanced the efficiency of enterprise management , technological development , and production .
at present , the shanghai electric power group has already occupied 40 percent of the market share of china 's power station installation industry , and has continued to expand overseas markets in the middle east , southeast asia , and south america .
in the past year alone , the shanghai automotive company , as the main components of the power generation equipment , received a sales order worth 6 billion yuan .
zheng jianhua , president of the shanghai electric power group , said : this summer 's " electrical waste " has caused a sharp increase in the demand for the equipment of the power stations in all parts of the country , and the competition in the equipment manufacturing market has become increasingly hot .
the group is implementing the three major goals of " developing and manufacturing one million kilowatts of power generating units , and producing one million kilowatts of nuclear power generating units , " so as to achieve the goal of becoming the world 's 500 at an early date .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) hong kong observatory offers new services to wmo website
xinhua news agency , hong kong , december 2 , the hong kong observatory ( hko ) has started to provide two new services to the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) ' s " world weather information service " and " bad weather information center . "
a spokesman for the hong kong observatory said the two new services were : the new world weather information service website has been added to the world official weather observation on cloud amount and rainfall , and in the past seven days of the " bad weather information centre " website .
these two services are another new service provided by the hong kong observatory after the " bad weather information centre " at the beginning of the year .
it has been learned that the " world weather information service " website has been providing official weather forecasts for all major cities in the world and the average weather information for the city .
the new services are for the first time provided global official weather observation , and will be the first of its kind in the world in terms of cloud amount and rainfall .
the new website covers a wide range of coverage and high density , and is updated eight times a day .
the new products of the " bad weather information center " website are the review function of providing tropical cyclones .
in the past , the website had no longer kept the position of the tropical cyclone when the tropical cyclone occurred .
however , there are often information on the tropical cyclone over the past few days after the passage of the tropical cyclone .
for this reason , the new products have been stored in the tropical cyclone , position and mobile path in the past seven days , so that the public and the media can still obtain the necessary information after the tropical cyclone occurred and disappeared for a few days .
world 's first bird flu virus 5n1 fast diagnostic testing box successfully developed in shantou
xinhua news agency , shantou , december 3 ( reporter zhang wenqiang ) - the reporter learned from the joint influenza research center of shantou university / hong kong university of medicine that they had been working with xiamen university for nearly half a year and developed the world 's first rapid diagnosis box for the bird flu virus .
the use of this kind of rapid screening method to find out the root cause of the disease can come to a conclusion within an hour at the earliest .
according to professor tie tie tie tie , director of the joint influenza research center of shantou university and the hong kong university of medicine , according to the information available at present , the transmission rate of the highly pathogenic avian influenza virus is far higher than that of the program .
in the past , the virus has been confirmed to be " suspected " to be three days , and it has to be more than one week .
the bird flu virus , which was successfully launched this time , has been able to find out the conclusion of whether the bird flu virus can be infected in a one - hour and two - hour period .
the new technology has simple , convenient , and fast characteristics , and it can carry out tests in the epidemic areas , and the accuracy rate has reached more than 90 percent , which will help to discover , diagnose , and diagnose the virus , and prevent the spread of large areas .
entrusted by the chinese center for disease prevention and control , the shantou university medical school and the hong kong university of hong kong 's university of science and technology recently held a training course for the students from 20 provinces and municipalities of the country , including the latest high - speed bird flu virus testing technology .
chinese foreign ministry spokesman on u.s. house international relations committee chairman hastert expressed strong dissatisfaction with u.s. house of representatives ' speech
xinhua news agency , hong kong , december 3 , a spokesman for the office of the commissioner of the ministry of foreign affairs in hong kong issued a statement on the 3 rd , expressing strong dissatisfaction over the speech delivered by the chairman of the us house of representatives international relations committee .
the spokesman said : we are strongly dissatisfied with the remarks made by mr. haide , chairman of the us house of representatives international relations committee , in hong kong on 2 april , to launch a malicious attack on china 's development and progress , and to slander china 's foreign policy by the cold war mentality .
the spokesman said that china 's development is not only in the fundamental interests of the 1.3 billion chinese people , but also conducive to the prosperity and development of the world .
in the international political arena , china is a responsible country and has played a positive and constructive role in safeguarding world peace and stability .
on the issue of nuclear non - proliferation , china has always strictly carried out the relevant international conventions , resolutely opposed any form of nuclear proliferation , and advocated the resolution of such issues through consultation , dialogue , and strengthening international supervision .
the spokesman pointed out : it is regrettable that mr. haide has ignored the objective facts , and when sino - us relations are further developing in a healthy and stable way , it is completely not in line with the consensus reached not long ago by the two heads of state on developing relations between china and the united states , and the mainstream voices of the united states ' demand for strengthening cooperation with china are harmful to the development of sino - us relations .
china 's largest sea water descending project to zhoushan
xinhua news agency report of december 6 from hangzhou ( by staff reporter pan qiqun ) - the largest sea - crossing project in the mainland of china , which is the largest in scale and a daily volume of 10,000 tons , will be settled in the zhoushan district of zhejiang province .
as far as the residents of zhoushan who are deeply plagued by the water shortage are concerned , the sea water that they have been in the water for a hundred years will soon be turned into the water of the qing dynasty into the homes of thousands of households .
the reporter learned from the relevant departments that the hangzhou water treatment technology development center of the state oceanic administration and the six town governments of the zhoushan district signed an agreement on the cooperation of 10,000 tons of sea water desalination project .
the project is expected to be completed next year , with an investment of $ 50 million and an estimated 10,000 ton of fresh water in the mainland .
zhoushan is one of the cities with relatively serious water shortages in china .
there are 139 small islands in the whole city , and the per capita quantity of fresh water is 601 cubic meters , which is only 25.4 percent of the per capita ownership of zhejiang province , and the problem of water has been plagued by the life of the residents of this island .
for example , in the pretoria area , the transportation of 1,500 tons of fresh water from a town is approaching , and the cost per ton is more than 10 yuan .
the technology of the state oceanic administration 's hangzhou water treatment technology development center , which is responsible for the development of the anti-infiltration and the separation of sea water , is a process for the purpose of using pressure as a driving force , and is the hot spot of the current international sea water desalination research .
a responsible official of the center said that the cost of the anti - infiltration project and the cost of consumption of sea water have been reduced through technical improvement and the transformation of equipment .
the cost of processing the sea water per ton has dropped further on the basis of $ 5 per ton level .
this indicates that the cost of weakening the sea water is close to the prices of tap water and industrial water .
( international ) hungary 's referendum fails to produce results
xinhua news agency , budapest , december 5 ( reporter liu ) hungary on the 5 th held a referendum on the issue of privatization of public health institutions and the double - nationality issue of the hungarian people .
the number of voters who participated in the voting and the number of people who voted against these two issues have not reached the percentage of votes in the law , and the result of the vote is not valid .
according to statistics released by the hungarian national election office on friday night , the number of votes in 99.91 million , accounting for 37.48 percent of the total number of voters in the country .
among them , 191.19 million and 10393 million people voted against the first issue , accounting for 23.87 percent and 12.85 percent of the total number of voters in the country , 151.8 million and 142.6 million , respectively , and 18.8 percent and 17.75 percent of the total number of voters in the country .
according to the relevant laws of hungary , only the number of people who participated in the election is more than 50 percent of the total number of voters in the country , or the number of people who voted against the above - mentioned issue is more than 25 percent of the total number of voters in the country , and the result of the referendum is effective .
before this , the hungarian government and the ruling party had been urging voters to vote against the two issues , while the opposition party called on voters to vote for the election .
it has been reported that this referendum was the lowest percentage of votes cast by the voters in the previous referendum and the election .
after the vote was released , hungarian prime minister jorge sampaio gave a speech to recognize the failure of the national referendum .
he said that the government would take the initiative to formulate national policies and carry out medical and health reforms .
he said that although the number of people who voted for the vote has not reached a set percentage , the voting is beneficial .
he called on the government and congress to consider the outcome of the referendum when formulating relevant laws .
wen jiabao stressed at a forum on the economic situation held by the state council that efforts should be made to raise the level of scientific and democratic decision - making .
xinhua news agency , beijing , december 6 , the state council recently held a forum in zhongnanhai to listen to their views and suggestions on the current economic situation and to do a good job in economic work next year .
wen jiabao , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and premier of the state council , presided over the forum and delivered an important speech .
huang ju , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and vice premier of the state council , attended the forum .
from 18 to 19 october , the state council separately invited responsible persons of eight provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities , nine economic experts and scholars , and eight responsible persons of state - owned enterprises and individual private enterprises to hold three forums .
the participants expressed their views on the international and domestic economic trends , consolidating the achievements of macroeconomic regulation and control , further strengthening agriculture , deepening the reform of state - owned enterprises , developing the non - public economy , improving financial services , and preventing financial risks , expanding employment and improving the social security system , and maintaining the basic price stability .
wen jiabao and other leading comrades of the state council seriously listened to their speeches and discussed them with them .
after listening to their speeches , wen jiabao said : everyone has put forward many good opinions and suggestions , and the state council will absorb and adopt them when studying economic work .
he stressed : to implement the spirit of the fourth plenary session of the 16 th cpc central committee , one important task is to further improve the policy - making mechanism and implement scientific and democratic decision - making .
this is an important measure to enhance the party 's ruling capability and the government 's administrative ability .
with regard to major policy decisions concerning the overall situation of economic and social development , the government should conduct in - depth investigation and study through various channels and forms , grasp the real situation , extensively concentrate the wisdom of the people , and truly establish a scientific and democratic decision .
wu yi , zeng peiyan , hui liangyu , hua jianmin , and other leading comrades of the state council , and responsible persons of relevant departments attended the forum .
( international ) angolan president holds special meeting in peru
xinhua news agency , peru , december 7 ( reporter liu guoqiang ) - the special meeting of the presidential council of the andes community ( anatolia ) opened in the famous tourist city of peru on the 7 th .
the presidents or representatives attending the meeting will discuss issues such as deepening the plan for regional integration and promoting economic and social development in the andes region .
speaking at the opening ceremony of the conference , peruvian president leonid , said that it has been 35 years since the founding of the angolan government , but some major issues , such as poverty , have not been solved .
at present , the poverty rate in the andes region is as high as 53 percent , posing a serious threat to democracy in the region .
to this end , the governments of all countries in the world should work hard to explore the establishment of an effective mechanism to get rid of poverty and strengthen the people 's participation in state affairs so as to promote social stability and development .
the south american community has made great progress in the process of latin america 's integration , and the south american community will announce the establishment of the third summit of the south american countries to be held here on the 8 th .
he expressed the belief that the establishment of this new regional organization will play an important role in promoting regional political , economic , and social development .
the bolivian president mejia also attended the meeting .
colombian president ernesto samper , ecuadorian president guez de chavez , and venezuelan president chavez , who were unable to attend the third south american summit due to various reasons , will be held here on 8 november .
the andes community was formed in 1969 , and is composed of the five countries , namely bolivian , columbia , ecuador , venezuela , and peru . it is a regional organization for economic cooperation in latin america , which is set up in lima , the capital of peru .
the president 's council holds a meeting every year for the highest decision - making body .
the last meeting was held in the ecuadorian capital of ecuador in july 2003 .
construction of underground power stations to start on three gorges project
xinhua news agency , wuhan , december 8 ( reporter shi yongfeng ) on december 8 , the main body of the three gorges project , the first of its kind , was invited to tender for the construction of the three gorges underground power station .
the three gorges project is designed to install 26 - million kilowatts of hydroelectric power generating units , with an installation capacity of 18.2 - million kilowatts , and the annual average output of the generating units is 84.7 - billion kilowatts .
in order to further tap the power generation potential of the three gorges project , the three gorges project has reserved the position of the underground power station in the initial design .
according to a responsible official of the china three gorges project corporation , the three gorges project substation is located in the mountain of the three gorges dam , and the main buildings of the three gorges dam , including the three gorges dam , the main building , the main plant of the water tunnel , the water conservancy system , the parent , the plant , and the 500 - meter - long hydroelectric power station .
the underground power station will install six million kilowatts of generating units .
thus , the combined installation capacity of the three gorges project will be increased from 26 to 32 , and the installation capacity will be increased from 18.2 million kilowatts to 22.4 million kilowatts , thus greatly increasing the power generation capacity of the three gorges project .
flood prevention is the most important task in building the three gorges project .
according to the plan for the operation of the three gorges reservoir , the water level in the three gorges reservoir will be lowered from the normal water level of 175 meters to 14.5 meters of the flood control water level before the flood season .
therefore , the construction of the underground power station will increase the target of using the three gorges reservoir , reduce the use of water , and increase electricity , so that the power station will not give up the maximum amount of water transfer .
at present , the construction of the three gorges underground power station has begun to start with the construction of the first - phase projects , such as the excavation of the underground dam , the excavation of the canals , the excavation of the pipeline , and the maintenance of the dams .
it has been learned that the underground power station will be completed and put into production by the end of 2008 .
china 's shipping festival ready to go out
xinhua news agency , beijing , december 8 ( reporter huang fuhui ) - china road transport association president yao ming expressed " full confidence " in the establishment of the china sea festival at a news conference held here on the 8 th .
yao mingde , director of the office of the preparatory committee for the preparatory work of the zheng he , said that the 16 members of the preparatory group , including the ministry of communications , have agreed to designate the annual july 11 th , that is , zheng he and the first time , as china 's maritime festival , and will propose to the state to set up this festival .
it has been learned that the approval of the state council for setting up a holiday .
zheng and his family are famous in the world .
in the 28 years from 1405 to 1433 , zheng he led more than 200 ships and nearly 30,000 people to the ocean , and seven times of the sea and the indian ocean , from southeast asia and the indian ocean to more than 30 million km , to travel to over 30 countries and regions in asia and africa .
china will hold a series of activities next year to mark the 600 th anniversary of zheng he 's going to the lower sea .
the sign of the commemorative activities was published in beijing on the 8 th .
the sign is composed of a sailing sailing boat and a light blue - coloured blue - coloured blue sky , and the words " zheng he 's 600 th anniversary of the sea . "
the designer is yao ying , a secondary school student in xiandan city , shaanxi province .
people from all walks of life have called on people from all walks of life to seize the opportunity of celebrating the 600 th anniversary of zheng he and the lower reaches of the sea and to strengthen the education of the minors , and to set up a china sea festival to enhance people 's awareness and concept of sea , and to carry forward the spirit of the chinese nation and deepen patriotic education .
yao ming said that china has more than 3 million square kilometers of sea area , and 90 percent of china 's goods have been completed by sea through international trade .
china is a world sea - crossing power , and it is not proper to have a navigation festival in many festivals .
taiwan province has set up an air and sea festival on 11 july .
more than 10 countries in the world , such as the united states , canada , and japan , have a sea festival .
( international ) cote d'ivoire pays consensus on implementation of peace agreement
xinhua news agency , abidjan , december 8 ( reporter liu shaoping ) the un action group in cote d'ivoire issued a statement on the evening of the 8 th , saying that un secretary general annan welcomed the united nations secretary general annan 's agreement on the continued implementation of the peace agreement , and called on all parties to seize this opportunity to ensure that the peace process has made " real progress " in order to prepare for a general election in october 2005 .
the communique said : at the same time , annan stressed that all the parties in kuwait should reach an agreement on the " concrete action plan . "
he also expressed " high hopes " for south african president mbeki and the african union to continue to work together with the west african community and the united nations action group to solve the crisis in the region .
entrusted by the african union , mbeki carried out a four - day visit to cote d'ivoire from 2 to 6 june to seek a solution to the crisis in cote d'ivoire .
at the end of the visit , mbeki declared that the various parties of kuwait had reached a consensus on the four - point proposal .
the proposals include the completion of the relevant legislation of the " markaryan agreement " and the lifting of the process of the armed forces of war personnel , the return of all the government ministers to perform their duties and the restoration of security in the country 's internal affairs .
a few days ago , the chairman of the parliamentary group of the parliament decided to examine and discuss draft amendment to the constitution from 10 to 10 april .
the opposition faction also announced on the 8 th that the opposition leaders will hold a meeting in the near future to make an overall assessment of the peace process and discuss the issue of lifting the armed forces .
a coup took place in cote d'ivoire in september 2002 and a civil war broke out .
in january last year and july this year , the main political parties and the opposition factions reached agreement in france and ghana to resume peace and realize national reconciliation .
however , the process of enforcing the agreement has suffered twists and turns , resulting in the repeated setbacks of the peace process .
in mid - october , the opposition armed forces in the northern part of the control area declared to call back their representatives participating in political affairs , and the peace process of kuwait was again in a deadlock .
in early november , the situation in kuwait was further deteriorating after a serious conflict between the government forces and the troops stationed in france .
10 million us dollars in aid to children and villages in western china
xinhua news agency , xi'an , december 9 , ( reporter liu ximei ) - - - the director of the " international planning " state of the " international planning " , the director of the shaanxi provincial environmental protection bureau , and the director of the " water and environmental hygiene " project in xi'an on the 9 th , will officially cooperate with shaanxi province in the " green civilization demonstration project , " and promote and assist the implementation of the project of the project of drinking water , and the building of the water and natural gas in the rural areas .
the " green civilization demonstration project " was initiated by the environmental protection department of shaanxi province , with the content of creating green schools , green communities , green enterprises , and green villages .
the project will promote the development of water supply and environmental hygiene in the impoverished areas in the rural areas and the construction of the " green villages " and " green schools " in the poverty - stricken areas .
the international program is the world 's largest international humanitarian organization with children 's development as the center , and more than 1.3 million children and their families and community are directly assisted .
the international program entered china in 1995 , and more than 2,700 children have been assisted so far .
in addition to the yanqing county of beijing municipality , the other five projects are located in shaanxi province ( the baocheng county , chunhua county , jiulong county , and xixiang county ) .
since the cooperation with shaanxi province in 1999 , the total investment in poverty - stricken children and community development in over 250 villages in shaanxi has exceeded 12 million us dollars .
( international ) colombia also has 1,425 right - wing armed elements disarmed
xinhua news agency report of december 10 from bogota ( by staff reporter liu lianxiang ) - - a total of 1,425 armed elements of colombia 's right - wing military organization , led by the deputy commander - in - chief and chief of the general staff of the colombian armed forces , and handed over the armed forces to the government in the northeastern border area on the 10 th .
according to reports by the media here , the " colombian joint defense force " , which had been engaged in illegal armed activities in four northeastern provinces , was the " kcna dispatch team . "
at the ceremony , the senior peace commissioner of the colombian government , lamberto dini , received the rifle , the rifle , and the mortar and mortar equipment , and expressed welcome to their actions .
this is the fourth large - scale illegal armed force of the colombian government since the " joint self - defense force " was dispersed in november 2003 .
in june this year , the colombian government and the " colombian self - defense forces " reached an agreement on a peaceful and dispersed after consultation .
according to the agreement , 3,000 armed forces of the 11 " colombian self - defense forces " were successively dispersed before the end of this year and returned to society .
in 1997 , the " columbia joint defense force " was formed by the daego , the mine owners , and the drug trafficking group .
under the mediation of the organization of american states , the organization is now negotiating with the colombian government and has promised to dispersed all the staff by the end of 2005 .
guangxi commemorating the 75 th anniversary of the 100 - color uprising
xinhua news agency , nanning , december 11 ( reporter wang liguo ) - - - - the revolutionary old liberated revolutionary areas , with a population of 3.6 million , carried out a series of activities to mark the 75 th anniversary of the founding of the revolutionary base area .
on 11 december 1929 , deng xiaoping , zhang yunyi , and other leaders and launched the famous 100 - color uprising , thus creating the right - wing revolutionary base area and the seventh army of the chinese workers and peasants ' red army .
the 100 - color uprising was another successful armed uprising led by the communist party after the nanchang uprising , and the guangzhou uprising .
on the morning of 11 december , more than 2,000 people , with flowers , came to the memorial hall of the hundred flowers and made contributions to the memory of the great achievements of the martyrs .
soon afterwards , he watched the film " hundred flowers blossoms " and the " exhibition of zhang yunyi in guangxi . "
the students from the baidu high school said : " although the course of patriotism and collectivism education has been talked about in the normal course of history and ideological and political education , we have felt that this is a vivid patriotic education course after we really come to the scene today . "
as early as this year , during deng xiaoping 's 100 - year - long birthday activity , the 100 - color revolutionary base was constantly improved , and the 100 - color revolutionary base was restored to the park of the hundred - colored revolutionary area , and the construction of the deng xiaoping 's memorial hall , and the maintenance of the former guangdong provincial military headquarters of the seventh army of the chinese workers ' red army .
liang chunlu , secretary of the cpc 's baidu city cpc committee , said : the 100 - year - old revolutionary base area has witnessed the great heroic deeds of the countless revolutionary pioneers in the past , and the people of the 100 color will continue to carry forward the spirit of the 100 - color uprising , and the people will be able to take the lead in a great leap - forward in development .
experts call for setting up a system for adult press spokesman
xinhua news agency , shanghai , december 13 ( reporter liu dan ) - the " china youth social education forum -- the " development of china 's youth , " which was concluded in shanghai on the 13 th , proposed that china should establish a press spokesman system for the situation of the minors , and make regular announcement on the current situation of the development of minors and problems .
a recent survey conducted by the relevant departments of shanghai municipality shows that the average age of minors is 1.17 hours per day , and the average number of extra - curricular books is 0.99 hours on television , and about half of the time has been in the hands of the media , and the media are now using a new social force to influence the growth and development of minors .
" the media are a window that links the souls of minors with the outside world , and after the windows were opened , the air has been brought into the sky , and the mosquito is also thrown into it . "
chen flyover , chairman of the board of the shanghai grand network development company , said .
the media have created favorable conditions for the healthy growth of minors , and at the same time , as the needs of market competition and economic interests are not high , the quality of some press workers is not high , and some of the views in the report are easy to mislead young people 's thinking and values , and some media and even spread violence and pornography .
at present , china has more than 2,000 tv channels , more than 1,500 radio frequencies , and 1868 radio programs , and the number of domestic netizens has reached 87 million .
a relevant responsible person of the forum said that the establishment of a system for the development of children and juveniles can provide authoritative investigation materials for the current situation and problems of the development of young people , change the situation of the media 's " voice of chaos , " and provide a healthy and favorable public opinion environment for the growth of minors .
( international ) iraqi foreign minister believes iraq 's elections face three major issues
xinhua news agency report of december 14 from the united arab emirates ( by staff reporter xing xuyi ) - the iraqi interim government 's foreign minister , the iraqi interim government 's foreign minister , said on the 14 th that iraq 's election on january 30 next year will face three major issues , namely , the security situation is worsening and interference in the process of the election , and the voters are worried that the percentage of votes will be affected to the maximum level of transparency and fairness of the elections .
in his speech at the " arab strategic forum " meeting held in dubai , the prime minister said that it is very necessary for iraq to hold a general election as scheduled , because the election will not only determine the new iraqi leader , but also confirm that iraq is a free , democratic , and unified country of the entire iraqis .
he expressed the belief that the future iraqi government will be a legitimate government representing the iraqi people and expressing its wish .
the us - led coalition forces are requested by iraq to exist and protect iraq , because the current iraqi interim government cannot control the security situation , and it is impossible to crack down on terrorists and sabotage .
there is time for the coalition forces to complete the political process and the legal government in iraq in accordance with the un resolution .
the prime minister stressed that the new iraq will continue to maintain the arab and islamic nature and abide by the arab league charter .
the iraqi people are faced with the historical opportunity of reconstructing the country on a new basis , and iraq will rise again and become an important member of the arab big family that can make contributions .
belgium joint asset management company limited in shanghai
xinhua news agency , shanghai , december 15 ( by jiang wei and shen yiqin ) - the joint assets management company of belgium announced on the 15 th that it was officially stationed in shanghai .
the company said here on the same day that it was actively seeking china 's cooperative partners to enable the joint venture fund companies of the two sides to come into operation in early 2006 .
the president of the belgian joint - assets management company , the company , said that as an important step toward china 's asset management market , the company has been approved by the china securities regulatory department and has officially opened a representative office in shanghai .
according to the development strategy of the chinese market , the company will first open up its retail market .
he also said that the ecf is the most powerful product of the company 's fund products and will still be the foundation for the company to stand among the world 's top financial institutions .
the belgian joint asset management company , which has 50 years of asset management experience , provides asset management services for the client , company customers and individual investors , and operates a series of investment tools for them .
the company manages a wide range of fund products .
by june this year , the total assets of the fund under its management reached 28 billion us dollars .
in the past 10 years , more than 550 protection funds have been issued , involving more than 350 different products structure .
" we welcome the recently made by china 's regulatory departments to allow commercial banks to set up their own holding funds . "
he said : " we are actively looking for a local cooperative partner to establish a joint venture fund company . "
he said that there is still a great space for the chinese market .
the belgian joint asset management company , which is based in brussels , has a 45 percent stake in the belgian joint - assets management company under the control of the belgian bank .
seven years ago , the belgium joint bank opened its first branch in shanghai .
in 2002 , the belgium joint bank became the first belgian bank to operate renminbi business in china .
( international ) united nations warns against increase in global drug abuse in 2005
xinhua news agency , vienna , december 17 ( reporter song guocheng ) - the united nations office for drug control and crime prevention warned in a press release on the 17 th that due to the increase in the output of heroin in afghanistan , the world 's black market is expected to be stable , and the prices of heroin are increasing , thus causing more deaths .
he also warned officials from the health and anti - drug organizations in europe and the neighboring countries that they are concerned about the latest trend of drug - planting and international drug - related crimes in afghanistan .
according to statistics provided by the united nations office for drug control and crime prevention in vienna , the amount of heroin in afghanistan dropped by 94% in 2001 , and the amount of heroin in the european black market decreased by 50 percent in the second year .
from 2000 to 2002 , the number of drug addicts in europe dropped by 20 percent .
he said that compared with 2003 , the area of opium cultivation in afghanistan has increased by 64% , and the output of heroin has reached over 500 tons , which is higher than the volume of the global heroin black market , which means that the global level of drug abuse and the number of drug deaths have increased accordingly .
he said that the sources of narcotics in afghanistan have already constituted a " clear and practical threat " to the global anti - drug efforts , and the increase in the supply of heroin on the black market means the " death sentence " for drug addicts .
according to estimates , the number of deaths caused by excessive drug abuse every year in the world is about 100,000 .
( international ) the us military also confirms that one guantanamo prisoner is not enemy combatant
xinhua news agency report of december 20 from washington ( by staff reporter pan yunzhao and tan xinmu ) - the us navy secretary of defense , charles , said at a press conference held in the pentagon on the 20 th that a military review group has confirmed that one prisoner who was detained at the us naval base in guantanamo is not an enemy , and will be released soon .
this is the second guantanamo prisoner confirmed by the us military as not the enemy 's combat personnel .
england said that the pentagon has confirmed the identity of the prisoner one or two days ago , and the state council will inform the prisoners of the decision and arrange for the release of the prisoners .
however , he did not reveal the name and nationality of the prisoner , nor did he explain what circumstances he was arrested .
the british side refused to admit that the ministry of defense had committed a mistake in the name of the guantanamo prisoners .
he said that the military review group responsible for examining the guantanamo prisoners had examined 507 prisoners and confirmed the identity of 230 people , of which 228 were the enemy 's combat personnel .
so far , the united states has released about 200 guantanamo prisoners , and some of them have been released after being repatriated , and a few have been detained after their return to china , but at least 12 people have been involved in the crackdown on the us military .
at the us naval base in guantanamo , about 550 " al - qaeda " and taliban suspects have been detained , and most of them have been taken custody during the afghan war .
the us government claimed that these people are enemy combatants and are not prisoners of war , so they are not protected by the " geneva convention . "
many countries have criticized the us government for indefinitely detention of its citizens , and some international organizations have also criticized the us government for violating international law .
china 's domain names set up in shanghai
xinhua news agency , shanghai , december 21 ( by feng yizhen and chen haiyu ) - - the china internet information center and the shanghai information industry ( group ) limited signed a contract on the top of the state domain name control point in shanghai on the 21 st .
the domain name is the foundation for conducting all internet applications , such as electronic commerce and electronic administration , and is now widely used as an internet address .
people visiting the website and sending electronic messages to the website , and first of all , they should input the domain names into the domain name system , and transform the domain name into the website 's main function , and find the website 's main function to achieve the transmission of information .
the domain name system is like a " nerve system " to control the transmission of internet information .
mao wei , director of the china internet information center , who is in charge of china 's top - level state - owned internet information system , said that up to now , the number of chinese internet users has exceeded 90 million , and the number of netizens has exceeded 650,000 .
the resolution of the domain name can be compared with the application of the internet , and with the rapid development of the internet , the number of the domain name can also increase at a high rate .
at present , the registration of the domain name is growing at a rate of 430,000 per month .
the state - level domain names of the state - owned internet information center , which is managed by the china internet information center , is handling more than 380 million domain names every day , with an average of more than 4,400 cases per second , which is more than 8,000 times .
in the face of the rapid development trend of the internet , the china internet information center of the china domain name registration management organization has been reevaluated the four original state - owned domain name control points in the country this year , and has made a re - deployment of the domain name system in accordance with the assessment of the situation .
according to the local internet development level and the soft and hard conditions of access units , the state domain names will be settled in shanghai at the top of the state domain name .
it has been learned that at present , shanghai has 45,000 domain names , and the internet users have reached 26.6 percent , and the internet popularization rate and application level are ranked first in the whole country .
in the eastern part of shanghai , it has a total of 130,000 domain names and 230,000 web sites , and its development level is also in the forefront .
for this reason , shanghai has been re - elected as the first point in the plan .
china becomes world 's biggest gold producer
xinhua news agency , nanchang , december 22 ( reporter yang wun and li xingwen ) in recent years , china 's hardware industry has developed rapidly , with an annual output of more than one - third of the world 's hard - quality gold output , and china has become the world 's largest production country with a strong quality , and the most of the chinese products have been able to produce .
this reporter learned from the ongoing seminar on the development strategy of the ganzhou state of china on 22 march .
the hard - earned gold , which is known as " industrial teeth , " is a very important role in the development of the industry as a whole because it has a very high degree of hard and the ability to use the tools , high - pressure instruments , and mining and construction machinery , and the development of the hardware industry is very important to the development of the entire industry .
it has been learned that china 's hard - quality gold , which started in the 1950 s , has achieved eye - catching achievements since the beginning of the 20 th century .
in the early 80 s of the 20 th century , when the world 's hard - quality gold output was about 250 - million tons , china 's hard - quality gold output was about 5,000 tons , and in the 21 st century , the annual output of the world 's hard - quality gold was 38,000 tons , and china 's hard - quality gold output was rapidly increased to 1.5 - million tons , exceeding one - third of the world 's hard - quality .
the export of china 's hard - quality gold and silver products has also made marked progress .
in 1986 , china 's export volume of hard - grade gold was only 100 tons , and by 2003 , the export volume reached 25 million tons , and this year it is estimated that the export volume will exceed 3,000 tons , which is the same as the output of the world 's hard - line gold market , and the annual foreign exchange rate of the hard - quality , and the annual foreign exchange rate will be increased from 4 million us dollars to 40 million us dollars per year .
adb loans support shanxi 's use of coal and coal gas
xinhua news agency , beijing , december 23 ( reporter jiang guocheng ) the reporter learned from the office of the asian development bank ( adb ) on the 23 rd that the adb recently approved a loan of 1.174 billion us dollars to support the construction of a power station in southern shanxi province in the process of using coal .
the coal - fuelled project will use the latest technology to increase the output of coal and coal fields , and will provide fuel for a power station that will soon be built .
according to the project , the project will provide at least 196 million cubic meters of natural gas per year to about 90,000 families , industrial and commercial users .
about 410,000 people in the jincheng district will benefit from it .
shanxi 's coal output accounts for about one - third of the country 's total output .
the total cost of the project is estimated to be 2.37 billion us dollars , of which 20 million us dollars will be provided by the international cooperation bank of japan , and the china construction bank will provide 378 million us dollars in loans .
the two mining / industrial groups in the jincheng district will provide a total of 61.14 million us dollars of share capital .
the us trade and development agency also offered $ 500,000 worth of donations to the project .
the methane obtained from the underground coal layer is called the methane , and the methane produced in the underground coal mining work is called the coal and the methane .
methane is a very vulnerable gas that can explode , so it is necessary to pass through coal production to ensure the safety of the work environment .
removing , collecting , and using methane will reduce greenhouse gas emissions , and will help reduce global warming and climate change .
methane 's greenhouse effect is 21 times that of carbon dioxide .
the use of methane to replace coal can also increase the use of cleaner fuel , improve the efficiency of coal mines , and make the air more clean .
senior project experts of the adb said that the project is expected to provide about 4.5 million tons of carbon dioxide emissions .
( international ) promotion of the treasure - house of israeli museum
xinhua news agency , jerusalem , december 24 , the director of the israeli museum of museum of the museum said on the 24th that the treasure of cote d'ivoire , the town of the museum , was confirmed to be a boost .
this ivory appalling was once regarded as the only sacred palace discovered so far .
in a statement , sizze said that the israeli authorities had carefully assessed this ivory appale , a small and medium .
experts found that it should be a historical relics of the young bronze age , and it was the first time for the jewish temple in the early years .
the pentium and his delegation arrived at the hall of the hall of the people . it showed : " it is a sacred temple of god and a sacred place . "
these words were proven to be promoted later .
in the 80 s of the last century , the israeli museum spent $ 550,000 on purchasing this ivory appalling from an unknown agent .
archeologists and heritage experts once held that it was the first sacred palace , and it was also the only heritage left over from then on .
the israeli archaeologist nataliyev and other experts confirmed that it was a true product before buying ivory appale .
according to a report by israel 's " national land journal , " the aliyev opera was only used to conduct a rough assessment of the cultural relics .
this argument was rejected by asmard himself .
in recent months , israeli police have successively discovered three large - scale cultural fraud cases , and have been subpoenaed by several hundred people .
during the investigation , the police and the heritage administration found that ivory appalling was a boost .
police will initiate legal proceedings against some people involved in the case next week .
in the first decade of the 10 th century , the jewish king built the first temple on the himalayas , which was stored in the center of the times , and then destroyed these sacred objects .
shenzhen will implement " middle water " in some buildings and small areas .
xinhua news agency , guangzhou , december 26 , as a major measure to build a " water - saving " city , shenzhen will carry out the " intermediate water " application in some large - scale buildings and small - scale areas . at present , relevant regulations and regulations are being formulated .
the " middle water " mainly refers to the fact that the water quality of urban sewage or life water is reached a certain standard after treatment , and that the non - drinking water can be used within a certain scope .
the water quality is between the water supply and the discharge of water in the pipeline .
in general , a large amount of use is used in such areas as toilets , toilets , irrigation , roads , washing vehicles , urban spray , and cooling equipment .
a survey conducted by the shenzhen municipal waters affairs bureau shows that in the mid - 1990 s , more than 70 buildings in shenzhen had built a " intermediate water " recovery system , but because of factors such as technology , design , and management , the cost of the " chung shui " recovery was too high , and the construction units had no choice but to give up the use of the facilities .
to let these pipelines really play a role , it is only necessary to spend 300,000 to 400,000 yuan to install the " intermediate water " processing system .
if we make use of more than 70 sets of " middle water " pipes , we will be able to save 3.5 million tons of water for shenzhen every day .
it has been learned that the " chung shui " recovery work in shenzhen city will first be carried out in the building of more than 70 " middle water " recovery systems , and then further spread the experience .
at the same time , the water services department of shenzhen will join hands with the urban planning and construction departments to formulate the " intermediate water " design standards as soon as possible , and also stipulate that the application of " middle water " in some large - scale buildings will be carried out in a mandatory manner .
the " middle water " that has been dealt with will be the first to use in the urban greening irrigation .
twenty - seven zhejiang tourists took off from the tsunami disaster
xinhua news agency , hangzhou , december 27 ( reporter feng yuanyuan and hu zuohua ) - a 27 - member zhejiang tourism group went to the phuket island of thailand to get out of danger in a life and death race with the tsunami disaster .
on the 24 th , 26 zhejiang tourists and a tour group went to thailand under the chinese travel agency .
li hui , deputy general manager of hangzhou chinese travel agency , said : on the morning of 27 april , 26 tourists left the pricewaterhousecoopers and went to the pp island to play games . at about 10 : 00 am local time , they arrived at the destination .
after the tourists went into the river , the sea was immediately rising , and people erroneously thought that this was a rise in the tide , so they did not care about it .
after the sharp rise in the sea situation , cai wewei , a tour guide , reminded everyone to rapidly run into the hotel on the shore .
as soon as the people of the people ran into the hotel , the sea had gone up to the entrance of the hotel .
the hotel has three floors , and the waves have been inundated to the top of the second floor , and the water level has not continued to rise .
among the 26 tourists , 19 are staff members of the china joint engineering corporation .
the reporter learned from the company that after the tsunami incident , the company was trapped in the difficulty and was immediately asking the company to make emergency calls through the chinese ministry of foreign affairs .
the chinese embassy in thailand took emergency measures and dispatched personnel to the scene to deal with the incident . two people lost contact at that time .
it was only on the evening of the 26 th that the company had been in contact with two staff members of other tourism groups , and one of them , who had been slightly injured , left the thai government 's rescue ship for the first time , and had already been treated .
after the tsunami disaster , local traffic departments went all out to rescue the injured .
at noon on the 27 th , they were safely transferred to shijiji island .
li hui said : currently , the tourism delegation is waiting for the return of the flights from thailand 's puchu island . if the flights are smoothly arranged , " we hope that they will return home tomorrow . "
( international ) jordan to hold meeting on iraq 's surrounding countries
xinhua news agency , amman , december 27 ( reporter jiang shaoqing and zhao hyang ) - jordanian foreign minister mohammed al - aqsa announced here on the 27 th that jordan will hold a meeting of the iraqi neighboring countries in early next month .
in a joint communique issued after the meeting with iraqi foreign minister , mueller said that the two sides discussed the issues related to the meeting of the iraqi neighboring countries in the beginning of next month , but he did not explain the specific date of the meeting .
he said that the two sides also discussed the issue of providing support to the iraqi election by arab countries and iraq 's neighboring countries .
mueller said that jordan has always supported the iraqi people 's efforts to determine their own destiny and safeguard unity , and supported all efforts that are conducive to the smooth progress of the iraqi elections .
he also said that jordan and iraq 's supreme election commission signed an agreement recently to support jordan as one of the voting points for the overseas elections .
gayri said that he and muhammad naji held talks on the smooth convocation of the iraqi conference .
he also called on the overseas iraqi people to take an active part in the iraqi election .
according to reports , representatives of egypt , saudi arabia , syria , kuwait , jordan , iran , turkey , and the iraqi interim government will attend the sixth meeting of the iraqi neighboring countries to be held in amman early next month .
earlier , the above countries and relevant departments held five meetings in saudi arabia , iran , syria , kuwait , and egypt to hold consultations on the iraqi situation .
iran has not yet made clear whether to participate in the meeting .
china banking regulatory commission to strengthen supervision over financial asset management companies
xinhua news agency , beijing , december 29 ( reporter wang weiping ) - the china banking regulatory commission recently chaired a meeting on strengthening the supervision and management of bad assets , and decided that the supervisory departments will " cure both the symptoms and the cause " and effectively strengthen the supervision and management of financial assets management companies .
a responsible official of the china banking regulatory commission said on the 29 th that the china banking regulatory commission will investigate and deal with violations of laws and regulations in the management of bad assets and the handling of illegal activities , and will investigate and affix the criminal responsibility of the judicial organs .
the results of handling major typical cases should be disclosed to the public and subject to supervision by means of public disclosure and other forms .
in the near future , the china banking regulatory commission will focus on improving and strengthening the supervision and management mechanism of financial assets management companies in four areas :
first , it is necessary to speed up the building of relevant laws and regulations of financial assets management companies .
in view of the issue of formulating unified plans for the building of laws and regulations of financial - assets management companies , we should solve the current problems of the imperfect laws and regulations of financial - assets management companies .
the china banking regulatory commission will draft as soon as possible the " guidelines for the handling of the bad assets of financial assets management companies , " the " measures for disclosure of information of financial assets management companies , " and the " measures for punishment for illegal behavior of financial assets management companies . "
second , it is necessary to improve the management mechanism of the financial - assets management companies , and solve short - term behaviors and moral risks of financial - assets management companies in terms of system , mechanism , and management .
third , supervision and management of financial assets should be strengthened and improved .
the supervisory departments of the financial - assets management companies should work in coordination with each other , conscientiously assume their supervisory duties , form a joint force for supervision and management , and enhance their supervisory efficiency .
fourth , it is necessary to continue to do a good job in relevant policies and research work , promote the handling of the external environment of assets , including the improvement of the market environment and legal and policy environment , and the building of infrastructure for the bad assets trading market .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) hong kong and macao residents applying for setting up individual industrial and commercial enterprises in shanghai will enjoy the " green channel "
xinhua news agency , shanghai , december 30 ( reporter yu lihong ) - the hong kong and macao residents applying for the establishment of an individual industrial and commercial enterprise in shanghai on january 1 , 2005 , without the approval of the ministry of foreign capital , can directly download the registration form from the industrial and commercial website , and the 20 industrial and commercial subbureau of the city will set up a " green channel " for the application .
this reporter learned from the shanghai municipal industrial and commercial administration bureau that the procedures for the establishment of individual industrial and commercial enterprises in shanghai are not complicated , and the materials required by the applicants , including the " registration application forms for individual industrial and commercial enterprises ( hong kong and macao residents ) , " the identity and verification documents of the applicants , and other documents submitted by the state law and regulations .
starting from 1 january 2005 , the shanghai industrial and commercial department will set up a special window and " green channel " in 20 subbureaus in the city to provide a one - stop service for the registration , processing , and examination and approval of individual industrial and commercial enterprises in hong kong and macao .
in addition , the shanghai industrial and commercial department has also set up a " registration list of hong kong and macao residents for the application of individual industrial and commercial enterprises in the mainland " on the official website ( www . gld . gov . hk ) .
the applicant can also obtain relevant information through the internet , and at any time , the shanghai industrial and commercial website will give a reply on two working days if the hong kong and macao residents are involved in the registration of individual industrial and commercial enterprises in shanghai .
it has been learned that the scope of operation permitted by hong kong and macao residents in shanghai to apply for the registration of individual industrial and commercial enterprises is : the retail trade ( not including tobacco retail ) , the restaurant industry , the residents ' service , and other service industries , as well as the us - made health service , washing service , household electrical appliances , and other day - to - day goods repair .
at the same time , the form of individual industrial and commercial enterprises in hong kong and macao is limited to individual operations , and the number of people engaged in business activities is not more than eight , and the area of business establishments is less than 300 square meters .
rosneft 's assets to be auctioned off will not be included in the russian natural gas industrial company
xinhua news agency , moscow , december 30 ( reporter song shiyi ) - the russian president 's office director and chairman of the russian natural gas industry corporation , the russian natural gas industry corporation , said in a speech to the media on the 30 th that the russian oil company will merge with the russian oil company as scheduled in january next year , but the yukos oil corporation 's assets of the yukos oil company will not be included in the russian natural gas company 's assets .
according to another report , the russian minister of industry and energy , khristenko , when talking about the reason that the assets of yugansk would not be included in the russian natural gas industrial company 's assets , said that this is mainly because the state has been the main shareholders of the russian oil and natural gas industry corporation , and the state does not want to increase its share of controlling equity .
rosneft 's assets will be stripped off independently and handed over to a company in a complete country , he said .
on the 19 th of this month , the property foundation made an open auction of 76.79 percent of yugansk 's largest oil company in yukos , and the new benxi financial group won a bid of 9.35 billion us dollars .
on 22 august , state - owned russian oil companies again announced the acquisition of yugansk 's financial group to become a new shareholder in yugansk .
analysts believe that one important reason why the russian side played a leading role in the relevant legal dispute is that it is in the interest of yugansk .
in september this year , russian president putin approved the merger of russia 's petroleum company with the russian national petroleum corporation .
the russian natural gas industry corporation was founded in february 1993 and was the largest natural gas exploitation company in the world .
the natural gas reserve of this company accounts for 65 percent of russia 's total .
last year , the company 's natural gas exploration volume accounted for 93 percent of russia 's total , and 20 percent of the world 's total .
tsunami hits india 's tamil state of tamil nado
xinhua news agency , qinai ( india ) , december 31 ( reporter jiang yaoping ) - - - - - - - - - the thai state of the southeastern part of india - - - - the fishing industry is developed .
the state has a 1,000 - km - long coastline , with an annual export of 337 - million tons of seafood and a foreign exchange of 2.3 - billion us dollars ( 1 - dollar convertibility ) to the local government .
however , a rare big tsunami caused by the strong earthquake in the indian ocean on the 26 th caused unprecedented damage to local fishery production .
according to an authoritative source of the fisheries industry in the capital of the tamil state , the sudden disaster had a great impact on the fishery production of the state .
because the fishing boats were parked in the harbour without prior warning and preparation .
as a result , more than 7,000 barges and more than 30,000 barges were damaged , accounting for over 80 percent of all ships , and more than 30,000 more than 30,000 fishing nets were damaged .
in an interview with this reporter on the 31 st , the responsible person of the qinai fisheries federation said that even if the fishing boat was good , the fishermen had not dared to go to the sea in the past few months , because they had seen the havoc and brutality of the sea with their own eyes .
some people have bitterly lost their relatives , and some people have their property damaged , and their psychological fears will be left for a long period of time .
it is estimated that the fishing output of the state in 2005 will decrease by about 30 percent over 2004 .
on the 26 th of the tsunami disaster , most of the coastal fishing villages in the state of tamil , were hit and became the most seriously affected area of india .
as of 30 , more than 6230 people have died in the state , and most of them are fishermen .
about 680,000 people were affected by the tsunamis , of which 85 percent were engaged in fishery production .
at present , the indian government is actively carrying out rescue work to restore local fishermen 's livelihood and fishery production as soon as possible .
shanghai airport bids farewell to old snow and snow
xinhua news agency , shanghai , january 1 , ( by feng yizheng ) - the snow , ice and cold winter , the staff of the shanghai airport died in the snow and ice .
after two days of hard work and ice and snow , the staff of the shanghai airport group greeted the last flight in 2004 at 23 : 50 pm on the 31 st .
the eastern airlines landed at the pudong airport in shanghai by carrying out the sydney - shanghai flights , and the transportation painting of shanghai civil aviation in 2004 was completely put to a full stop .
in 2004 , nearly 330,000 sorties of the two major airports in shanghai increased by 35 percent over the same period of last year , and the number of passenger transportation was up by 45 percent over the same period last year , and the volume of cargo transportation exceeded 2.25 million tons , an increase of nearly 40 percent over the same period last year , and a net increase of 640,000 tons .
shanghai airlines has added 16 new international scheduled flights in 2004 , and five foreign airlines have opened up regular flights in shanghai .
at present , there are 76 domestic cities and 86 international and regional air transportation links with shanghai , and 11 domestic airlines and 38 international and regional airlines have opened scheduled flights to shanghai .
on the last two days at the end of the year , shanghai 's ice and snow , and the airport was closed for a time , and the parking apron was suspended , and a large number of flights were delayed .
however , with the joint efforts of the civil aviation staff , the air traffic has been kept unimpeded in the last day of the year and the operation order has been restored to normal .
wu nizu , president of the shanghai airport group , who was in the center of ice and snow , announced at midnight that the shanghai airport group had achieved its fifth year of safety , and this was also the 17 th safety year of the shanghai hongqiao airport .
wu nianzu said : in 2005 , the shanghai hongqiao airport will be comprehensively renovated , and the airport runway , the landing of the aircraft , and the external appearance of the building will be put into operation , and the second runway of the pudong airport will be put into operation , and the passenger throughput of the two major airports will reach 42 million passengers in 2005 .
new year concert by renowned chinese musician hangzhou
xinhua news agency , hangzhou , january 2 , ( by qu chuan ) - - - - the classic " blue danube river " , the " blue danube river " , and the " tra " , which was first performed in the mainland of china , and the " small - scale coordination in the new year " , the hangzhou people listened to a concert by the chinese orchestra .
the pieces of music for this concert are all classical pieces in vienna .
the artists have brought about success in the new year concert with a strict attitude .
the music hall , which has a total of 1,600 seats , is in full swing , and the audience is eventually immersed in the world 's famous melody .
the world 's chinese orchestra includes the chief and deputy principal performer of a number of well - known overseas chinese band , and has a high - profile , such as the chinese violin solo in the united states , the chief violinist of the berlin philharmonic orchestra , and the chief violinist of the los angeles philharmonic orchestra , wang bin .
they represent the level of chinese classical music in europe .
the hangzhou performance is the first time that the orchestra has made its trip to the mainland .
the orchestra appeared for the first time in 1997 when the hong kong special administrative region was celebrating its return to the motherland , and made great success , and its style of performing arts was very soft and natural , and it was full of strength and strict , and did not miss the greasy .
the orchestra , the singapore symphony orchestra , said that although the musicians are distributed in various countries and regions in europe and the united states , they have been invited to perform a series of performances , and they have been arranged to ensure the quality of the performance .
( sports ) shu huadh : age is not a problem
xinhua news agency , london , january 2 , the " king " shu huayi will be 36 years old on the 3 rd of this month . however , the german people , the longest in the years of the train in the world , believe that the age is not an obstacle to his higher achievements .
in his 15 - year career in the fao - 1 , shu huiguo took part in a total of 212 relay competitions , of which 83 won the championship .
he also asked the overall score of the train frequency seven times .
he said on his personal website : " after so many years of competitions , i will certainly leave a lot of injuries , but those injured will not be affected .
i feel that i am in good health now .
old saying , i think i am much older than 36 .
i often , together with my fellow countrymen , touched off the brandt .
i want to be 10 years old , but people can not see the difference between us at the stadium . "
many people believe that due to the long - term " victory " of schultz , the fao - 1 has lost the game and has become totally unforgettable .
when asked whether he was weary of being tired of the car because of lack of competition , shu huiguo replied very resolutely : " i am not willing to be tired , especially mentally .
i am still very enthusiastic about this movement . "
the fao - 1 competition in the new season will begin with the australian championship on march 6 .
looking forward to the upcoming 2005 season , schumacher is still full of confidence in winning .
he said : " like the previous season , i am full of eager to win .
in sports competitions , you cannot always immerse in the past achievements , you should continually meet the challenges , but i am very eager to meet the challenges . "
fixed asset investment to reach 34 billion yuan in 2005
xinhua news agency , haikou , january 3 ( reporter wang yingcheng ) the reporter learned from the hainan provincial people 's government that the investment in fixed assets in the whole society will reach 34 billion yuan in 2005 to accelerate infrastructure construction and increase investment in key industries .
it has been learned that in 2005 , in the investment in fixed assets in hainan province , the investment in capital construction was 222.2 billion yuan , and the investment in the transformation of the investment of 1.3 billion yuan , and the investment of real estate development was 5.5 billion yuan , and the collective and private investment of the urban and rural areas was 5 billion yuan .
at the same time , hainan will invest 10.5 billion yuan in the key construction projects of 34 provinces in 2005 , increase the level of infrastructure facilities , speed up the expansion of the two airports of the meilan and phoenix , and build two large - scale projects , and expand the two ports of the haikou port and eight ports , and build the haikou - shijiazhuang expressway and the sanya east - west expressway .
supporting the " three agricultural " development is one of the focal points of hainan province 's fixed assets investment in 2005 .
hainan will increase the intensity of the anti - drought work and support , increase the support for the construction of well - drilling and the construction of water conservancy facilities , strengthen the construction of large - scale water conservancy projects , speed up the construction of the agricultural infrastructure , and the province 's tax - free agricultural tax , and increase the good subsidies for grain production in the main grain - producing areas , support the processing industry and the agricultural leading enterprises , and organize farmers to work in the rural areas .
in 2005 , hainan province will continue to increase investment in public service and social undertakings .
it is necessary to ensure the completion of water supply , disease control centers in cities and towns , the transformation of dangerous houses in primary and middle schools , and the library in hainan province on schedule .
( fax from hometown of overseas chinese ) the per capita net income of farmers in shek lion is in the forefront of fujian province .
xinhua news agency report of january 5 from fuzhou ( by staff reporter wang bingyuan ) - - - - the per capita net income of peasants in the city of the fujian province reached 838 yuan in 2004 , an increase of 10 percent over the same period last year .
after the implementation of the tax reform in 2004 , the total amount of the burden on peasants in this city reached 722.72 million yuan a year , reducing the burden to 85.6% , and reducing per capita burden by 41.5 yuan .
the " china 's leisure and clothing city " has won the title of the " top 100 counties ( cities ) , " and the 10 counties ( cities ) of fujian province with a basic economic competitiveness .
since 2004 , the city has accelerated the process of modern agricultural construction and achieved remarkable results in agricultural and rural work .
at present , shi lion city has taken the lead in the whole province of the province to make the village communications , the village communications branch , and the village communications channel .
at present , the urbanization level of this city has reached 51 percent , ranking first in the whole province 's county level city .
the city has also vigorously implemented the integration of urban and rural residents ' minimum living standards and the new - type medical insurance for rural residents .
the low - level deposit level for rural residents increased from 100 yuan per month to 200 yuan equivalent to urban residents .
the new - type medical insurance for all the people in the rural areas is required to pay the medical insurance premium of 60 yuan a year , and the peasants are only required to pay 10 yuan , and the remaining 1.06 million peasants are now enjoying this policy .
in 2004 , the budget for the shijingshan city budget for agriculture was 20.2 million yuan , an increase of 10.38 percent over the same period last year .
through conducting free vocational skills training for rural labor force , a total of 1,017 people were transferred to work in the whole year .
the shilion city has also allocated 5 million yuan from the financial budget as a new start and reward fund for the reform of the old rural areas . at present , there are 86 new villages that have been rebuilt , accounting for 85 percent of the administrative villages , and plans to comprehensively accomplish the new tasks of improving the old and new construction in 2005 .
( sports ) the state council reshuffles leading bodies of the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 6 ( reporter wang yong ) on the 6 th , the 50 th meeting of the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games was held , liu qi , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , secretary of the beijing municipal cpc committee , and chairman of the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games , announced the appointment and dismissal of the state council , and chen zhili ( female ) as the first vice chairman of the beijing olympic committee .
the leadership group of the beijing organizing committee for the adjustment of the organizing committee is chairman liu qi , first vice chairman chen zhili ( female ) , and the executive chairman is liu peng , director of the state sports general administration , wang qishan , mayor of beijing , and deng pufang , chairman of the chinese federation of disabled people .
executive vice chairmen of the npc standing committee were liu jingmin , li zhijian , wang wei , duan shijie , jiang xiaoyu , zhang qihua , li shuhua , yang shuan , and tang koizumi ( female ) .
liu qi said at the meeting that this readjustment is an important measure to implement the spirit of the instructions of the party central committee and the state council on the preparatory work for the olympic games , further strengthen the building of the leading body of the organizing committee for the olympic games , and meet the requirements of the new stage .
he said : this readjustment is to further give play to the advantages of the system , give play to the role of the olympic games , further strengthen coordination with the central ministries and commissions , the state sports general administration , and the beijing municipality , and form a joint need .
he said : starting this year , various preparatory work will be carried out in a comprehensive way .
in terms of the construction of venues , market development , propaganda and culture , sports competition , technical system construction , and sports service , the construction of the sports system , and other frontline work , we need to further obtain the support and cooperation of the party central committee , the state council , and the beijing municipal sports general administration .
the adjustment of the leadership group will bring about a marked improvement in the ability of the beijing organizing committee for the games to coordinate and integrate various resources .
( sports ) shakespeare withdraws from hong kong nets
xinhua news agency , hong kong , january 7 ( reporter ge hua ) at the hong kong tennis world champion competition in the hong kong tennis world cup , the main player of the tournament , maryland , announced on the 7 th that she was also out of the game after the czech republic had withdrawn from the semi - finals .
when explaining the withdrawal from the competition , shakespeare said : " i felt sorry for my stomach in the first half of yesterday , and i felt like a cold .
i made a phone call to the hotel doctor and received initial treatment .
after setting up the bed this morning , i felt that it was very weak and had no strength , and i realized that i might not be able to participate in today 's competition .
doctors also reminded me to keep adequate rest before next monday . "
she said : " i am very difficult to see the fans who are here to watch her competition , and i am sure that i have a good match for the soccer fans here , but i am really unable to insist on the physical reasons . "
" shakespeare 's withdrawal is a major blow to the competition and the soccer fans , but we first want shakespeare to be healthy . "
in order to make up for the " heart of injuries " of the fans , the organizers of the lineup will adjust the competition for the time being , and will launch a rare round of the three - party wins .
the " fire " of the first time that she lost her body , the other day , will be a match with the russian violet , and will accept the two challenges of the super strong bloc and the sanchez , and the sanchez .
( international ) chinese scientific expedition team to reach highest point in antarctic ice cap
xinhua news agency , ueroa , argentina , 8 jan ( xinhua ) -- zhang zhanhai , leader of the chinese 21 st antarctic expedition team , said on 8 january that the chinese scientific expedition team has overcome many difficulties , reaching about 50 km from the antarctic ice cap , and it is estimated that china will be successful in the next two days , thus becoming the first country in the world .
zhang zhanhai told xinhua reporters that one of the important purposes of the " ice - qiong " inspection is to make preparations for the establishment of the third china scientific research station in the antarctic in the future , and to establish a climate monitoring system between the zhongshan station and the " ice . "
a total of 13 members of the ice cap team , the 54 - year - old age group and the youngest is 26 , with an average age of 40 .
seven of them participated in the antarctic inspection earlier , and three of them participated in the inspection of the high - altitude ice in the country .
zhang zhanhai said that the ice - covered examinations were basically carried out according to the plan , but they encountered many difficulties during the period .
the biggest test was that one of the eight refrigerators was split up because of the mechanical cause of the breakup , and the entire team was unable to continue to advance .
for this reason , all members of the team had no choice but to return to 60 km , and they continued to move forward after the new snowstorm .
another problem is altitude reaction .
many of the team members flew to the mountain at a high altitude of 3,800 meters , and the reaction was quite clear , and they were very anxious to cause shortness of breath .
relying on the spirit of unity and struggle , the scientific expedition team defeated many difficulties on the road of advance .
( tsunami disaster relief ) china radio international and china charity association to jointly hold radio broadcasts limited
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 9 ( reporter zhu yu ) - the reporter learned from the china charity association that on the 13 th , china radio international and the china charity association will join hands to launch a disaster relief show , and cui jian will lead china 's original musical elite .
this was the second time that the " great action of love " and the " love for the chinese people " was staged after two relief performances on the 6 th .
the disaster relief performance , which is called " the d - d 10d , " will be held in beijing 's candy entertainment space at 8 pm on the evening of the 13 th .
at that time , there will be a variety of chinese musicians , including the flower band , the long - nine - section , and the wooden band , to join hands in helping disaster victims in the indian ocean , and to express their love .
the personal and enterprise donations made by the broadcasting corporation will all be donated to the indian ocean disaster - stricken areas through the china charity association .
at 8 : 00 pm on the 13 th , the china international radio and television channel will be broadcast live on the scene , and the audience in beijing and guangdong will be able to listen to the live broadcast of a live atmosphere of the disaster .
at the same time , the entire scene will also be conducted by the international on - line and the dots web site , and the video live , and the internet friends in various localities can also feel the good situation of the disaster - relief operation through the internet .
listeners and internet friends across the country can also take part in donations to the disaster - stricken areas at any time through consultation hotline or sms .
( international ) korean pilot satellite broadcasting system
xinhua news agency , seoul , january 10 ( reporter zhang fang ) the successful trial of the digital multimedia broadcast of the south korean satellite on the 10 th marked the beginning of the era of digital multimedia broadcast in south korea .
the so - called satellite digital multimedia broadcast refers to the use of satellite to send multimedia radio and television programs to the radio and television programs , which can be accepted by many terminals such as cell phones .
on the morning of the 10 th , the andersen media company under the jurisdiction of the company opened a total of nine channels , including news , music , and tv programs , the latest popular music , and six other music programs .
on the same day , the company launched the first batch of 250 mobile phones that can receive digital multimedia broadcast on the market , and some of them received digital multimedia broadcast programs .
it has been learned that the rok government has listed satellite digital multimedia broadcast as a key development project , and has actively supported the development of digital multimedia broadcasting technology and products of enterprises .
in april 2004 , the rok national assembly passed a new " broadcasting law " to allow digital multimedia broadcast .
at the end of 2003 , the korean film festival , which was jointly established with japanese enterprises , has been preparing for the establishment of a digital multimedia radio station .
samsung electronics company , the pacific , and other enterprises have successfully developed mobile phones used for receiving digital multimedia broadcast .
a relevant department of the republic of korea ( rok ) decided that the satellite digital multimedia broadcast will first be put on trial for four months and will be officially broadcast from may this year .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) research institutes predict that hong kong 's economy will grow by about 6% in 2005
xinhua news agency report of january 11 from hong kong ( by staff reporter su xiao ) - the asia - pacific economic cooperation research center of the university of hong kong said on the 11 th that the global economic environment is still optimistic , and it is estimated that hong kong 's economy will grow by about 6 percent this year and the first quarter will grow by 4.4 percent .
the director of the asia - pacific economic cooperation research center of hong kong , wang gradually , said at the " hong kong macroeconomic forecast " conference that although the interest rate is expected to rise this year , the economic growth of hong kong 's major trading partners will be slow , and the economies of the united states and the mainland of china will grow by 3.6% and 8.5 percent respectively , but the global economic environment will still be optimistic in 2005 .
he said the centre forecast that hong kong 's economy would maintain a growth rate of about 6% in 2005 and that consumer prices at the end of the year would rise by 3% .
the labor market adjustment is still slow , and the unemployment rate will be lowered slightly to about 6.3 percent at the end of the year .
the volatility in the global oil prices is still the main uncertainty about hong kong 's economy .
the deputy director of the research centre , mr shao stimulating , said that the growth momentum of economic growth in the first quarter of this year would slow down , with gdp growth of 4.4 percent , reflecting the gradual slowdown in external demand in hong kong .
according to the report , hong kong 's real gross domestic product ( gdp ) in 2004 will grow by 8% , with an average price level of only slightly down by 0.5% , and deflation disappeared in the third quarter of last year .
zhou yizhong , chairman of the preparatory committee for hong kong 's " hong kong - based economy forecast " , said that hong kong 's strong economic growth in 2004 has reflected the solid economic foundation of the local economy , the strong competitiveness of the foreign trade market , and the rapid growth of the mainland market economy last year , and the end of the problem of deflation has made the business people feel more mobile .
( sino - foreign exchanges ) shanghai world expo becomes a new link for sino - portuguese cooperation
xinhua news agency , shanghai , january 14 ( reporter wu yu ) - portuguese president sampaio , who is currently on a visit to china , attended the signing ceremony of the memorandum of cooperation on world expo affairs between shanghai and portugal on the evening of the 14 th .
this signifies that the 2010 world expo in shanghai is becoming a new link in sino - portuguese cooperation .
sampaio said that portugal has great enthusiasm and interest in the preparations for the comprehensive participation of the shanghai world expo , and it is believed that through the efforts and wisdom of the chinese people , the shanghai world expo will be successful five and a half years later .
he stressed : as an international metropolis , shanghai is now playing an increasingly important role in promoting mutual understanding among the people of the world and the world peace cause , and the shanghai world expo will certainly become an important event .
sampaio has placed great hopes on the cooperation between portugal and china in the world expo .
he said : at present , it is an important period for the development of relations between portugal and china . he expressed the hope that the two countries will take the shanghai world expo as the link , further expand the good relations between the two countries in the political sphere , and further promote the comprehensive development of relations between the eu and china .
it has been learned that the cooperation between shanghai and portugal on the world expo affairs involves the follow - up use of the park 's planning , exhibition gallery design , and exhibition equipment , as well as various commercial plans , project management , operational procedures , and the theme of the world expo , in - depth dissemination , human resources training , security system , and the control of the world expo .
before the signing of the memorandum of cooperation in the world expo , shanghai mayor han zheng met with sampaio and his party .
( international ) yuans request supporters to withdraw from kiev 's town centre
xinhua news agency , kiev , january 14 , according to the media here on the 14 th , ukraine 's two presidential candidates took tit - for - tat action on the same day .
former prime minister atovic filed a lawsuit to the supreme court , demanding the overthrow of the results of the presidential election announced by the central election committee , while the opposition party leader vikovic called on his supporters to withdraw their tent in the center of kiev to begin protest activities .
the representative of acovukovic presented 621 films and 233 sets of magnetic stripes to the supreme court as evidence .
he emphatically pointed out that if the court makes an unjust judgment , the supporters of yankovic will carry out large - scale protests throughout the country .
at the same time , yukos and its assistant discussed the issue of establishing a new government .
in a statement on his campaign website , he said that he would establish a new government with wide representation and " invited all political forces inside and outside the parliament to join the cabinet . "
analysts pointed out that the move by the supporters to withdraw from the center of kiev shows that he has been convinced that the supreme court will reject the appeal of the supreme court , and that he has no obstacle to the election .
however , he did not impose any specific time limit on the removal action .
according to the official results of the second round of the presidential election released by the ukrainian central election commission on the evening of 10 april , the country 's support for the first round of voting was 51.99 percent of all the effective votes in the election , and the support of the asian people was 44.20 percent .
chinese government issues regulations on railway transport safety
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 15 , premier wen jiabao of the state council signed the state council decree no . 430 , which promulgated the " regulations on the protection of railway transportation safety . "
the " regulations " consists of 103 articles and come into force on 1 april 2005 .
the " regulations " are designed to strengthen railway transportation safety management , ensure the safety of railway transportation , protect personal safety , property safety , and other legitimate rights and interests , and formulate the " prc law on railway safety " and the " prc law on safe production . "
the " regulations " pointed out that the state council 's railway administration departments are responsible for supervising and managing the safety of railway transportation throughout the country .
the railway management organs set up by the state council 's railway departments are responsible for supervising and managing the safety of railway transportation in the region .
the " regulations " says that the local people 's governments at all levels along the railway line and the local people 's governments at and above the county level should do a good job in supervising and managing the safety of railway transportation in accordance with their respective duties , strengthen the safety education in railway transportation , implement the responsibility system for the joint defense of the railway , and prevent and stop the behaviors of endangering railway transportation .
the " regulations " pointed out : public security organs , in accordance with the division of responsibilities , maintain the public order of stations , trains , and other railway stations and public order along the railway lines .
railway transportation enterprises should strengthen the safety management of railway transportation , establish and improve the safety management system for production safety , set up safety management organs , and ensure the capital needed for railway transportation safety .
railway transportation personnel should adhere to their duties , carry out standards and perform their duties according to procedures , and ensure the safety of transportation .
( international ) chinese nationals of chinese origin and overseas chinese in japan support china 's formulation of an anti - splitting law
xinhua news agency , tokyo , january 18 , ( by yue shaoyan ) - the china council for the promotion of peace held a meeting at the zhongshan memorial hall in yokohama a few days ago to resolutely support the chinese government in formulating an anti - splittist law and striving to promote the great cause of the reunification of the motherland .
the meeting held that " taiwan independence " is the greatest harm to the interests of the taiwan compatriots and the greatest threat to the situation in the taiwan strait .
the formulation of the anti - separatist law is conducive to cracking down on the taiwan independence forces and their splittist activities , to the peace and stability of the taiwan strait , and to the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation . fundamentally speaking , it is for the purpose of protecting the vital interests of the taiwan compatriots , and is a legal guarantee for the realization of the aspirations of the broad masses of taiwan compatriots for peace , stability , and development .
the meeting also adopted a statement expressing firm support for the government in formulating an anti - splitting law and safeguarding china 's reunification .
the statement said : the extremely splittist activities carried out by the " taiwan independence " forces have fundamentally undermined the one - china principle and undermined the fundamental interests of the chinese nation .
curbing the splittist activities of " taiwan independence " elements through legislation is the common will of overseas chinese and compatriots on both sides of the taiwan strait .
the statement held that the formulation of the anti - separatist law fully demonstrates the great sincerity of the chinese government and people in upholding peaceful reunification and the firm determination to resolutely safeguard national sovereignty and territorial integrity , and has won the full support of the broad masses of overseas chinese and foreign nationals of chinese origin in japan .
the japanese federation of overseas chinese and overseas chinese in tokyo , the federation of overseas chinese in japan , and the people of taiwan province also issued statements on the same day , expressing their support for china in formulating an anti - splitting law and resolutely safeguarding national unification .
( international ) peruvian capital lima celebrated the 470 th anniversary of establishment of diplomatic ties
xinhua news agency , lima , january 18 ( reporter wang wei ) - the peruvian capital city of lima held a grand and colorful cultural and entertainment event in various urban areas on the 18th to celebrate the 470 th anniversary of the establishment of the city of the republic of peru .
on the same day , the lima city park and the church and other public places held various kinds of celebrations of the city government and non - governmental organizations , including large - scale mass fervor printers , the national product trade fair , and the famous peruvian " step forward " performance .
lima , mayor of lima , said that the long history of the city is developing in the direction of standardization and modernization , and he will put the improvement of the urban economic environment and the improvement of social service projects in the city 's primary position .
on the evening of the 17 th , nearly 3,000 members of the public watched the spectacular singing and dancing performance held by the city government , and the six - color light of the old buildings around the square .
the city residents also watched the colorful fireworks and firecrackers , celebrating the late night .
on january 18 , 1935 , spain 's adventure family came to the river , and established a chief inspector of the spanish city , and said that this was to express his respect for the king of spain at that time and the king 's queen , and therefore lima was called the " king 's city . "
after peru 's independence in 1821 , lima became the political , economic , and cultural center of the country .
at present , the city of lima has developed from 2.14 square kilometers to more than 2,600 square kilometers , and its population has increased to about 8 million , accounting for about 31% of the country 's total population .
( international ) argentine vice president and senate president meet li tieying
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , january 19 ( reporter cao yu ) argentine vice president and senate president xiao li met with visiting chinese national people 's congress [ npc ] delegation li tieying , vice chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress [ npc ] , and his delegation at the government palace on the 19 th , hoping to further strengthen the friendly and cooperative relations between the two countries in various fields .
xiao lili said : in 2004 , the top leaders of the two countries exchanged visits , established a strategic partnership , signed a series of agreements on friendly cooperation , and continued development of friendly relations between the two countries .
at present , the relations between the two countries are in the best period in history , and we hope to further strengthen all - round cooperation between the two sides , especially exchanges between the argentine parliament and the chinese people 's congress .
xiao li said : argentina attaches great importance to developing strategic partnership with china and learning china 's valuable experience in economic development .
argentina supports the one - china stance .
li tieying first conveyed chairman wu bangguo 's regards to vice president xiao li and the senate .
li tieying said : in 2004 , argentine president kiribati and chinese president hu jintao exchanged visits and decided to establish a strategic partnership , and sino - argentine relations have entered a new stage .
the chinese government attaches great importance to developing relations with all latin american countries , including argentina .
li tieying said that the chinese government appreciates argentina 's adherence to the one - china stance .
li tieying and his party arrived in buenos aires on 18 april for a goodwill visit to argentina at the invitation of the argentine national assembly .
he also met with chairman of the argentine house of representatives .
the chinese npc delegation led by li tieying will also pay a friendly visit to uruguay and brazil .
( international ) cis to strengthen military strength to cope with threats
xinhua news agency , moscow , january 20 , bolger , secretary general of the organization of collective security of the commonwealth of independent states ( cis ) , said on the 20 th that the organization will strengthen its military strength in order to cope with the major threat of international terrorism , drug smuggling , illegal immigrants , and organized crimes .
in his speech at an international symposium on the collective security treaty of the commonwealth of independent states ( cis ) held in moscow on the same day , the bolivian president bolivian said that the joint forces in central asia , which are now in the process of establishing a series of practical measures , will draw on the experiences of the joint forces of russia and belarus in east europe and russia and armenia in the high - level region .
he said : according to the joint military construction plan from now until 2010 , the organization will establish a unified air defense , communications , and information investigation system in the central asian region .
at the same time , it will also draw up unified standards for training military personnel and establish relevant material and technological reserves .
bolger pointed out that the establishment of the collective security treaty organization of the commonwealth of independent states ( cis ) is conducive to containing the extremist organizations in the central asian region , and the troops have displayed this strength during last year 's military exercises .
he stressed that the organization would not use force outside the region of the member states .
the cis 's collective security treaty organization includes six member states : russia , armenia , kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan , tajikistan , and belarus .
the former soviet union was the collective security treaty signed by the six countries in 1992 .
in may 2002 , the council of collective security of the commonwealth of independent states ( cis ) decided to change the " collective security treaty of the commonwealth of independent states " into a " collective security treaty organization of the commonwealth of independent states " and set up a military management organization of the collective security treaty .
beijing also promulgated seven " personnel - intensive " safety management standards
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 24 ( reporter zhang wentao ) - - the beijing municipal bureau of commerce , culture bureau , and forestry bureau issued at the same time seven safety management standards for " personnel - intensive areas " such as shopping arcades and parks .
beijing vice mayor lu hao held that the formulation and dissemination of the seven safety management standards is a concrete manifestation of beijing 's safety standards .
the " beijing municipal shopping center , supermarkets ' safety management ( trial points ) " , " beijing municipality 's business performance venue safety management standards ( trial ) , " beijing internet service , " the " beijing municipal internet service , " the " beijing municipal park , and scenic spot safety management , " and other seven safety management standards , and the " beijing municipality 's safety management system ( trial implementation ) . "
liu xinglin , chief engineer of the beijing municipal garden bureau , told this reporter that the seven " regulations " are aimed at the relationship between the area of shopping arcades , supermarkets , and the park , and for the first time , they have studied and made clear regulations on the number of people , such as the " beijing park and the scenic spots , and the " ( trial - point ) regulations for the safety management of the park . "
the seven " regulations " will be put into trial operation in two months before and after the spring festival , and will be formally implemented at the same time on 24 march 2005 .
