scientists complete the preemptive strikes on chromosomes , which have a bearing on the initial symptoms of the disease
( agence france - presse , paris , 2 ) - a group of international scientists said that they had completed a preemptive order for the 14 - year - old chromosomes of human chromosomes , including the early - stage aromes of the 30 - year - old chromosome .
this is the fourth batch of chromosomes that have been completed so far , and it has been composed of more than 87 million to remove oxygen - chemical acid ( cdma ) .
the study published by the british natural science weekly shows that the 14 - year - old chromosomes are a gene and gene sequencing of chromosomes .
the aim of genetic scientists is to provide diagnostic tool to identify the defects of the disease and to eventually provide a way to prevent these genes from becoming obstacles .
the international scientists , led by the french gene research center gaits , said that the 14 th gurts have two genes and more than 60 kinds of disease genes , which have a bearing on the immunization system .
in the previous study of many diseases , it has identified the 14 - year - old chromosomes of the disease , including the form of the first - phase , and the emergence of the symptoms of the chromosomes , and some of them , as well as the precursor of the early - stage of the disease .
about 200,000 people in the united states have developed the early stage of the azalea , accounting for five percent of the total american arleukaemia patients .
human chromosomes have 23 chromosomes .
in the past three years , three pairs of chromosomes have been completed , including 20 , 21 , and 22 .
australia reopens its embassy in manila
( agence france - presse , manila ) - australia today reopened its embassy in the philippines , seven weeks ago , and the embassy closed due to the threat of the so - called terrorist attacks .
the philippine foreign ministry said in a statement that australian ambassador to manila pinochet made a phone call to the philippine foreign minister bob , announcing the resumption of the entire operation of the embassy .
canada , like the european union and australia , closed their embassy on november 28 and re - opened earlier this week .
the bob said all the three ambassadors were satisfied with the philippine government 's enhanced security measures .
the closure of the embassy has angered the philippine government , saying that the so - called threat is too exaggerated and that it has shut down the image of the embassy in the philippines .
manila had dismissed police intelligence officials as he disclosed unconfirmed intelligence on the unconfirmed terrorist threats from the australian and canadian embassy .
the eu office and the australian embassy are in the same building .
at about the anniversary of the september 11 terrorist attacks in the united states , western diplomatic envoys from all over southeast asia were shut down one after another because they were threatened by osama bin laden 's al - qaeda and its local alliance .
australian foreign minister says north korea will not be able to get more aid
( afp , sydney , february 2 ) australia has appealed to the international community to make joint efforts to let north korea believe that the nuclear proliferation agreement or other " bad behavior " will not be able to obtain more aid or other concessions .
australia 's foreign minister alexander downer said today that pyongyang has decided to resume a controversial nuclear facility and expulsion of un monitoring personnel , which is obviously aimed at forcing the international community to make concessions in aid and trade .
australia is one of the few countries with diplomatic relations with north korea .
downer said : " we think what north korea wants to do is to violate the framework of the 1994 agreement , including the united states , to make concessions , aid , and trade . "
downer said in an interview with the australian broadcasting corporation , " one point we have put forward to north korea is also very important , and the bad behavior will not be paid . "
downer pointed out : " expulsion of un monitoring personnel and reactivation of the ning of nuclear facilities will stop the international community from providing support . "
" this will produce negative results , and we hope that these diplomatic measures will be effective . "
" on the other hand , if we respond too much , we will be able to get north korea 's way .
we do n't want to do so . "
downer said australia is working closely with the united states and other major allies to force north korea to cancel its recent freeze on a nuclear program .
downer said : " what we want to do is to ensure that the international community is jointly adopting countermeasures , and we do not want to take any uncoordinated special measures . "
bush defend his economic rejuvenation plan
( agence france - presse , washington , 6 th ) - us president bush has said that his plan to revitalize the economy will be a " labor citizen , " not just a wealthy person , but it is generally believed that the rich people are expected to benefit from the big tax cut plan .
bush told reporters who looked forward to his formal publication in chicago : " tomorrow , you will hear me that the us economy is one of the most powerful economies in the world . "
however , we believe that the us economy can be even more powerful than the present . "
president bush is expected to make a 10 - year plan to invigorate the economy , and half of which will be used to absorb shareholders ' stock rights and taxes , and to urge the us congress members to speed up the tax reduction plan adopted in 2001 .
whether or not this plan can be smoothly promoted and is regarded as a pre - war post in the us presidential election in 2004 , the democratic party has criticized bush 's blueprint as a golden , and it is not like a snowy program put forward by the democratic party .
the eight - point proposal put forward by the democratic party is mainly related to a $ 136 billion reward measure to boost consumption and to spend a total of $ 100 billion in 10 years .
the democratic party leader of the house of representatives , bui said at a press conference jointly held with other members of the opposition parties : " this is a plan of fair , effective , and sound accounting . "
bush led the white house to refute the accusations of the outside world that his plan is only a rich person , and bush said that his upcoming economic revitalization plan is mainly aimed at " promoting economic vitality and growth . "
bush said : " this plan will provide tax relief to the labor community .
" only when people have more money , can they spend more working opportunities , " he said .
us willing to hold talks with north korea but refuses to pay further remuneration
( agence france - presse , washington , 7 th ) - the united states said today that it is willing to hold talks with the north korea , an enemy of the " evil , " but it will not provide this new award of the communist party of china , which is in financial difficulties , to promote its lifting of its nuclear program .
us president bush 's administration is facing the dual crisis in iraq and north korea , and officials of the bush administration and senior korean diplomats issued a statement after holding talks , saying that this means that the us policy toward pyongyang " has taken a step forward . "
the statement said : " the us delegation is willing to talk with north korea about how to fulfill its obligations to the international community .
however , the us delegation stressed that the united states would not provide any remuneration to north korea for the purpose of fulfilling its existing obligations . "
us officials said in a diplomatic statement that they were willing to hold talks with north korea , but they would not consider the negotiation process before north korea 's compliance with the various agreements on banning nuclear weapons .
state department spokesman boucher said : " we do not want to pay the price for the previous agreements . "
before this , the bush administration said that the united states refused to hold talks with the stalinist state before north korea gave up its nuclear program based on uranium enrichment and plutonium .
ex - supervisor of the real estate industry on the us line will be charged with fraud
( agence france - presse , los angeles ) - the prosecutors said that a former head of the us online real estate company " housing shop " ( hatch ) had agreed to settle the dispute on the charge of fraud and to deal with the case of a lawsuit that originated from the internal line trading scandal .
the us special assistant to the official receiver said that the former senior purchases and manager of the housing shop had agreed to plead guilty of a securities fraud involving the inner - line transactions .
another prosecutor fox said that the minister also agreed to pay us $ 70,000 to settle a civil lawsuit against him by the us securities exchange .
weiner said that the maximum penalty for securities fraud is 10 years ' imprisonment , but the above - mentioned prison term is expected to be " substantially shortened . "
according to the prosecutors and investigators , in the financial fraud case , housing shops in charge of the use of the water in the year 2001 revenues report was misleading to investors , the report said .
fox said that the minister found out that the price of his own housing shop profits was out of the water , and " wall street did not pay attention to the key revenues of the housing shop . "
the former vice - president of the housing department , mr tai sai - yee , was charged with offences relating to the internal line trading and the court is scheduled to announce the verdict on april 21 .
the head of the housing department , mr allan zeman , and former financial secretary joseph prueher , have been charged with securities fraud .
the prosecutors said that the rest day between the two companies and the head of other companies were involved in the transfer of the accounts of the housing department .
traffic stoppage in europe in recent days
( agence france - presse , vienna , 8 th ) - the low temperature in siberia and the strong wind in all parts of europe have caused many deaths . at the same time , highways , railways , air , and sea transportation have been suspended .
the temperature in the russian capital of moscow last night dropped to the level of the cold , and even the local people felt that six people were killed , and the number of people killed in the accident increased to 239 this year . most of them included the vagrants and the elderly , including many wine .
three people in lithuania died last night , and many people had to cut their legs and fingers over their fingers .
the temperature in the southern valletta region has dropped to a new 16 - year low , down to 32.6 degrees celsius .
on monday , three indian illegal immigrants died due to cold and tired , and the local temperature dropped to minus 20 degrees celsius .
at the same time , the civil defense units in various parts of the european union and other areas have indicated that the snowfall has caused road closure , train delays , and airport paralyzed .
the snow and highway accidents along the british railway have caused traffic paralyzed in some areas , and the eastern part of the country has suffered heavy snow , and the snow is now moving toward the west .
in the summer of last year , the czech republic , with a serious water problem , had a low temperature in its neighbouring areas of slovakia to minus 18 degrees celsius .
viewing the world 's center for research on environment
( agence france - presse , washington , 9 th ) - in its annual report on " the world situation " , the environmental research organization 's " world research center " praised the arrival of the " environment revolution " and pointed out that many countries are successfully stopping and resolving environmental , health , and social problems .
" the person in charge of the world research center for the defense of the world " said on the 9 th : " the establishment of a world that meets our needs and also allows the next generation to enjoy a healthy society is no longer a dream . "
according to the current world situation report , one of the encouraging achievements is that germany , japan , and spain use renewable sources , such as solar and wind energy , are becoming more and more common .
speaking about the success of the implementation of the reborn energy strategy , fleischer said : " we are entering a new era . "
the report said that in the ' 90s , the ozone layer - the ozone layer , which was produced worldwide , decreased by 81% .
in addition , the who 's anti - polio campaign has reduced the number of global polio cases from 350,000 in 1988 to 480 in 2001 .
the environmental research organization , which is set up in washington , has also said that the netherlands has set a record of 816 per cent of its automobile recycling rate , and denmark has completely banned the use of aluminium cans for recovery , and brazil has started to use reusable energy in 2001 .
the report said that the achievements made in the past have brought about hopes for the eradication of the serious global threat , including the use of malaria every day , and the air , food and water pollution caused by 5,500 children .
us aol time warner to resign in may
( agence france - presse , washington , 12 th ) - the chairman of aol time warner announced tonight that he would resign in may , saying that this move " is the best for the company . "
explaining his decision , the us president said that he had decided to take steps to avoid the shareholders ' criticism of him that " we have been able to hinder the cooperation of a team like a team , and the focus will be on our business . "
in january 2001 , the us online company , which was agreed by the us federal council and the aol time warner , will still be the director of the board of directors of the us online and the time warner .
when this joint case was announced in january 2000 , it was worth $150 billion , and the case was agreed by european decision - makers later .
" if you have anticipated , this decision is very difficult to me , and because i hope that i will be the chairman of the company in the next few years , and i have been a co - ordinator , i have always held that i have been the chairman of the board and the help of the matter . "
he stressed : " first of all , this company does not need to be uncomfortable at this critical moment , and because some shareholders are still in the hands of the company after the merger , i have decided that we should take action to avoid our cooperation as a team , and the focus will be on our business . "
the us online company of aol time warner said on the line that it expects advertising and commercial sales in 2002 to reduce from us $ 2.7 billion in 2001 to us $ 1.5 billion .
the total sales volume will be us $ 88 billion to us $ 9 billion and us $ 878 million a year ago .
the company expects that the total sales volume of the united states on the line of 2003 will be almost unchanged from 2002 , and the sales of advertisements and commercial sales will be reduced by 40 to 50 percent .
north korea 's withdrawal from non - proliferation treaty to become an enemy of the world
( agence france - presse , washington , 15 th ) - the us and north korea 's share card has been upgraded from the " evil core " issue to the international crisis , and the global nuclear non - proliferation efforts over the past few decades are afraid to have failed .
pyongyang announced its withdrawal from the nuclear non - proliferation treaty on the 10 th of this month and dropped its confrontation with washington .
analysts said that the whole world is now trying to curb the proliferation of nuclear weapons , and is afraid that the treaty has been seriously damaged when india and pakistan entered the nuclear club in 1998 .
the five permanent members of the un security council all took preventive actions against this crisis four days after the above - mentioned operation .
russia said that it would send a special envoy to pyongyang and suggested an end to the deadlock , while china proposed to preside over the compromise dialogue between the united states and north korea .
britain and france were discussing the crisis in london .
the iaea has warned that if pyongyang refuses to give up its nuclear program , it may request the security council to take action .
with regard to the action of russia and china , many us observers believe that the talks may force moscow and beijing to decide whether or not to vote against north korea .
other countries that may have nuclear capabilities , such as iran and libya , will certainly pay close attention to the development of the north korean crisis .
they will pay attention to north korea 's withdrawal from the nuclear non - proliferation treaty and will not be punished , or to obtain huge us funds for exchange to stop the development of nuclear weapons .
" if north korea is considered to have the ability to withdraw from the nuclear non - proliferation treaty , they may have to take the same action instead of paying the price , " said the former state department arms control official .
rand , an international economic research institute , believes that north korea may commit a tactical mistake because the decision to withdraw from the nuclear non - proliferation treaty will make the international community more determined to resolve this issue .
japanese court dismisses former chinese slaves
( agence france - presse , tokyo , 15 th ) - a japanese court today rejected a compensation lawsuit of 132 - million yen ( 11.1 - million us dollars ) , which was put forward by six chinese people , who were forced to be a slave in a nickel mine in japan during world war ii .
the tokyo district court judge nannan said that although the government and the japanese metallurgical industry jointly committed illegal acts in 1944 , he rejected the lawsuit in 20 years in accordance with the civil law 's request for compensation .
nannan said : " the defendant 's responsibility has been terminated . "
five former chinese slaves , including liu zongroot , aged 72 , and a slave of a slave , sought wages , compensation , and apology from the japanese government and the japanese metallurgical industry corporation .
these six people were once a slave worker in the japanese metallurgical industry . during this period , they were frequently beaten , and they had no food or clothing .
the japanese metallurgical industry argued that the company was unable to confront the state 's implementation policy , while the japanese government said that according to the constitution at that time , it did not need to pay compensation to the plaintiff .
after the court announcement , liu zongen said at a press conference : " this is a lack of humanitarian judgment . "
he said they would appeal .
liu zongkan said , " i have the support of many japanese friends and i will fight to the end . "
the lawyer pointed out that the verdict " violated the historical record " and demanded that the japanese government and the japanese metallurgical industry pay compensation and apologize for the settlement of the issue .
the kyodo news agency reported that this was the first time that such a resistance was rejected in the litigation .
in 1944 , the japanese army arrested about 200 chinese , and then sent them to the dajiang nickel mining area in beijing , where they were a slave .
cartel said sales growth rate in fourth quarter of last year nearly 30 percent
( agence france - presse , paris ) - the sales figures for the fourth quarter of 2002 should be nearly 30 percent higher than that of the previous quarter because of the recession in the telecommunications industry .
this sales growth reflected a more robust seasonal factor and a constant sales of broadband and operational infrastructure .
the edgar said that after the inclusion of 150 - million euros ( us $ 158.4 - million ) in the reserve fund , its revenues in the fourth quarter would be damaged to two points .
" the cost - cutting measures are being carried out according to the plan , " said the statement .
the paris stock market welcomed the announcement made by aitalier , saying that the value of the shares rose 16.91 percent at the beginning of the trading day , and each share of 6.5 euros per share .
analysts of the global securities ( gld ) said : " this is particularly unexpected for the fourth quarter sales figures . "
the chairman of the archer 's board of directors , qu yuan , said that he is still expected to be able to reduce the profit of the two - billion euros by the end of 2003 to 3 - billion euros , which means that less sales can achieve profits .
the company 's annual earnings will be announced on february 4 .
japan is expected to achieve 1.5 percent growth in real terms in early 2006
( agence france - presse , tokyo ) - the japanese government 's economic and fiscal advisory conference has been expected to be extended for two years to 2002 , according to a report by the japanese economic news agency today .
the economic and fiscal advisory conference also predicted that the annual total amount of treasury bonds to be issued in the next five years will be as high as 4.0 trillion yen because the budget deficit will be longer than expected .
the report said that the medium - term economic outlook for the next five years is scheduled to be finalised on the 20 th of this month .
the medium - term economic outlook was originally planned in early january last year , and the economic and financial advisory conference is now under revision and is expected to be approved by the cabinet meeting by the end of this month .
the report said that the current medium - term economic outlook and a trial of the government in the cabinet are expected to reach a growth rate of 1.5 percent in real terms in 2001 , and the rate of growth for 2005 was 2.7 percent .
however , the revised version is expected to grow by only 0.9% in real terms in 2004 , and the rate of growth is 0.8 percentage points .
the report said that the revised version was expected to reach a growth rate of 1.5% or above in real terms by the year 2002 .
once the 2003 accounting year is expected to grow by 2.5 percent or more , which is two years later than the original forecast .
the report points out that the revised outlook will also be postponed for two years .
australia is facing the worst hit fire in 50 years : report
( agence france - presse , sydney , 18 th ) - the australian forest fire has destroyed nearly 40 houses and threatened the residence of the capital city of canberra , with the strong wind and the rising temperature , the fire is expected to further expand .
an unconfirmed report said that the fire in the suburbs of canberra and in other areas of the australian capital city of the city of the country had killed one person and a few people were missing .
federal police brown said that police are testing the news of the dead bodies of at least one person , but it is true that someone is missing .
as a result of strong winds causing the fire in the northern , southern , and western mountainous regions , the capital city authorities announced today that the whole region was in an emergency state .
on the other hand , the fire authorities said that due to the fire extinguishing area , several thousand firemen had joined the fire fighting force .
under the threat of the most serious fire in the past 50 years , the people in the mountainous areas of the new south african province , including the snow - covered mountains and krasnoyarsk , have been emergency evacuated .
the director of the rural fire station , the director of the village fire station , said : " the situation is very cool , and the snow may be facing the most serious threat in the past 50 years . " more than 1,000 fire personnel are fighting a battle of the fire , and they can not stop the forest of 80,000 hectares in the new south wilderness .
japanese emperor akihito to smoothly get rid of specific carglands of cancer
( agence france - presse , tokyo , 18 th ) - japanese emperor akihito accepted the operation today , saying that the operation was smooth , and that the cancer cell had not spread to other organs .
at a press conference held at tokyo university , the head of the medical department of the miyazawa , said : " the operation has been carried out smoothly and successfully .
your majesty has been intoxicated with him and chatted with his wife and queen elizabeth ii . "
he added : " from the external appearance , we think ( cancer ) has not spread yet . "
the doctor said that further tests would be conducted to ascertain that cancer was limited to the glands .
the operation was jointly conducted by six doctors , with the exception of the glands of the ming dynasty , three hours and 40 minutes .
the 69 - year - old akihito , who was in 1989 , was the first time in the hospital of the japanese emperor outside the imperial hospital to undergo the operation .
doctors said that tomorrow 's jen is scheduled to stay for about one month .
jin ze said that during the operation , he did not have much blood transfusion , and the doctor only used his blood transfusion .
before the operation , doctors had stored the blood of the unknown in advance .
the chief cabinet secretary , mr fukuda , said the government was pleased to see the successful operation of the japanese emperor , and hoped that he would recover at an early date .
government officials said that not long ago , the 42 - year - old emperor tairen had been temporarily designated as the constitutional duty of the japanese emperor .
this is the first time that the emperor has ever been in japan to transfer his duty because he is sick and hospitalized .
philippine guerrilla forces fight against communist guerrillas
( agence france - presse , manila , 20 th ) - the philippine security forces are gathering units to combat a large number of attacks by the guerrillas on the island of southeast asia .
the new people 's army is " attempting to gather in some areas , " including the northern philippines , the southern province of manila , and some central islands .
he added : " they have stepped up attacks on some areas where they think the military strength is low , or " attacks and invasions of the troops in the areas where there is a scarcity of smoke . "
other officials said that the new people 's army has strengthened its attack on the so - called " soft " targets , such as telecommunications and power facilities .
last week , state police chief ahmad called on telecom companies to invest hundreds of millions of dollars in security investment to guard against attacks by the new people 's army .
" the armed forces have already deployed more troops in the most likely threatened areas , " pristina said .
the new people 's army has reduced by 23 percent to about 9,000 people from 12,000 two years ago to 13,000 .
among them , at least 5,000 people were " armed regular armed forces " and about 6,000 in early 2001 .
he said that the government army has frequently laved them in more than 400 villages in the new people 's army .
he said : " we are slow but we are determined to win the confidence of the people . "
the new people 's army has suffered serious military and political setbacks last week , which forced it to return to the negotiating table with the philippine communist party , the national security adviser said last week .
after the rebels assassinated two philippine parliament members , philippine president arroyo stopped holding talks with the common party in the mid - 2001 .
last year , the united states listed the new people 's army and the philippine communist party on its list of " foreign terrorist organizations . "
washington , canada , and many western european governments also agreed to investigate and stop the source of foreign financial resources of rebels and freeze their overseas assets .
china 's cell phone users will slow down
( agence france - presse , beijing , 21 st ) - china 's new cell phone users are expected to reduce to 52 - million this year .
last year , it was 6.9 million .
however , the beijing post monday quoted the forecast of the ministry of information industry as saying that this target may be underestimated .
in january last year , the ministry of information industry forecast that the number of new cell phone users in those years was 55 million , but the actual figure was 61.9 million .
at the end of last year , there were two 06.6 million mobile phone users on the mainland , an increase of 42.7 percent over the previous year .
beijing said that in july last year , mainland china became the world 's largest fixed network and cell phone market .
in the past year , single - cell phone users had already leapt to the top in the world .
according to the report , at the same time , wu jichuan , minister of information industry , predicted that the phenomenon of a recession in fixed assets investment in the postal and telecommunications industry will be suspended last year , but the investment may be the same as last year .
last year , the investment in fixed assets in the postal and telecommunications industry decreased by 20 percent to 2210.6 billion yuan .
the number of investment in the telecommunications industry accounted for 97% of the total .
wu jichuan predicted that this year 's fixed assets investment in the postal and telecommunications industry will reach 210 billion yuan , slightly lower than last year .
the report said that the ministry of information industry forecasts that the number of new fixed network users this year will be 33 million , which is lower than that of 35.4 million last year .
at the end of december last year , the number of fixed - line telephone subscribers on the mainland reached 2.14 million , an increase of 35 million over the previous year .
wu jichuan also promised to step up competition and speed up the establishment of a telecommunications control organ .
he said : " the optimization of telecommunications control has become the most important issue of the telecommunications industry .
we will speed up the drafting of the telecommunications law and revision of the postal law and wireless telecommunications management regulations . "
who starts election for new chairman
( agence france - presse , geneva , 21 ) - the new world health organization ( who ) , the world health organization ( who ) , will start in the next week the nomination procedure for the new chairman of the world health organization ( who ) , and the responsible person of the united nations ' aids prevention and control organization ( un ) , as well as the three people who have been the most likely to be able to make a show .
the executive council of the world health organization ( who ) will reduce the list of candidates to five from the beginning of today , and the nomination of one person to replace the outgoing chairman of the world health organization ( who ) .
however , the candidates for the nomination need to be finally confirmed by the 192 - member countries of the world health organization in may .
foreign affairs officials said that among the candidates for the chairman , the three people who were most optimistic were : the three prime ministers of mozambique , the united nations ' love for the prevention and treatment of the disease , and the united nations ' plan for the prevention and treatment of the disease , and the responsible persons of the world health organization 's tuberculosis prevention and proliferation plan .
according to a rule of law , the united nations is doing its best to make its main body responsible for the work of people in different parts of the world .
some western diplomats admitted that as a europeans , skin is at the beginning .
a diplomat said : " now , people in the south have gone to the south . "
bob woodward calls for independent producers to help safeguard freedom of speech
( agence france - presse , the state park city of the united states , the 20 th ) - in the us - led anti - terrorism war , the movie idol called on independent producers to work together to prevent the freedom of speech .
yesterday , he said that his speech was obviously a indirect attack on the bush administration 's policy , for the sake of domestic and foreign citizens ' freedom .
lei warned that the us freedom of speech and other basic rights are being threatened , and the independent production of films could help preserve other types of art and political views .
he said : " one of the advantages of an independent film is that it does not have the burden of commercial teaching , nor is it restricted to express different views . "
bob , the founder of the japanese film festival , said that he was prepared to revise the rules of the annual meeting of the independent producers so that their works could be released in the united states .
this film festival has been held in the state of his 22 - year history .
" the freedom of speech is our most precious virtues , and we must remember that we must do our best to safeguard it . "
bocom founder : iraq war to lead to record oil prices
( agence france - presse , doha , 21 ) - according to saudi arabia 's former oil minister , if iraq is damaged in the us - led war , the oil prices will rise to 100 us dollars per barrel .
one of the founders of the organization of petroleum exporting countries ( opec ) said last night that saddam " will destroy iraqi oil wells , strategic oil reserves will drop , and oil prices may reach 80 to 100 us dollars per barrel . "
at a press conference in the qatari capital of doha , he said , " if the united states attacks iraq , it may trigger a world disaster . "
he then pointed out , " the bombing of the oil and petroleum industries in iraq may lead to a sharp rise in the prices of crude oil to 80 us dollars . "
" ( the united states ) ' anti - iraq military action will undermine the oil wells and cause a serious turmoil in iraq , which will lead to a sharp rise in oil prices and a recession in the world economy . "
north korea has no intention to produce nuclear weapons : nkorea
( agence france - presse , seoul ) - south korean officials said monday that north korea has no intention to produce nuclear weapons .
a south korean delegation spokesman li fengchao said , " north korea stressed that it has no intention to produce nuclear weapons . "
in response to a one - hour official briefing on the first formal meeting , li fengqin said that the north korean delegation made the above remark after the south korean side urged the pyongyang regime to abandon its nuclear ambition .
li fengchao said : " the south korean side stresses that if the nuclear issue is not resolved , the entire south - north relations will certainly not continue to advance . "
li fengchao also said : " we hope that the talks will be held by north korea to take more concrete steps to reverse its decision to produce weapons - class plutonium nuclear facilities . "
the focus of the south - north ministerial talks is on reconciliation and humanitarian issues , but south korea , as a traditional us ally , has said that the seoul authorities will take advantage of the opportunity to express the international community 's concern over the nuclear deadlock .
north korea 's claim that the nuclear deadlock involves only the bilateral issue of the united states , and other countries ' interference will only complicate the issue .
siemens , us largest chain store , expected to benefit ahead of time
( agence france - presse , mississippi ) - the us 's largest chain store in the world said that after one year of restructuring , the company will extricate itself from the predicament of bankruptcy in 2004 and resume profits .
the restructuring plan , which was proposed by the rand corp . the day before yesterday , mainly relies on two investment companies - - - - - - - - - - the national capital investment company and the third largest capital fund company in new york - - - - - - the two companies are ready to invest 352 - million us dollars to rescue the mai corp .
however , this restructuring plan has not been approved by banks , investors , and suppliers .
this chain store in the history of a century said that it will continue to communicate with the creditors ' committee and hope to extricate itself from the predicament of bankruptcy before april 30 .
the us federal bureau of investigation , the securities regulatory commission , and the house of representatives ' energy and business council are conducting a survey on the siemens , and the reason is that the top leader is suspected of fraud .
the board of directors of the company also conducted an internal investigation and said in the evening that it had discovered " reliable and convincing evidence , " indicating that 10 executive officers had violated the management responsibility .
it was declared bankruptcy one year ago after a loss of us $ 2.4 billion in 2001 .
it is estimated that the company will have a loss of us $ 360 million in 2002 and that it will lose another us $ 286 million this year .
the azhong company has shut down 283 shop owners and at the same time cut 22,000 employees , while it is now planning to close 300 shops and lay down 37,000 people .
powell : us supported iraq war by more than 10 allies
( agence france - presse , switzerland , 25 th ) - us secretary of state powell said that the us plan to attack iraq was supported by more than 10 allies .
at this time , he was preparing to attend the world economic forum and was ready to be related to us policy .
under the tight security measures , powell arrived in switzerland to deliver a speech at the annual gathering of world political and business leaders on sunday .
at the same time , protests against globalization have also gathered in the area .
the sense of concern over the outbreak of war in iraq has cast the meeting this year under the shadow .
the member states of the organization of petroleum exporting countries attending the meeting today tried to ease the worries that the world oil supply could be suspended once the united states attacks iraq .
powell told reporters accompanying him on his trip to davos that " quite a few countries have indicated that they will take action with us . " he also said that even if the un security council does not support war , the attitude of these countries will not change .
powell said : " we will not be isolated only , and this can be determined .
with the memory , i can raise more than 10 countries , and at the same time i think more countries will express their support . "
us officials said that powell will hold various talks with turkish prime minister performances and australian prime minister alexander downer during the tat chee - hwa meeting .
as an important us nato ally , turkey is now resisting pressure to join the us - led war against iraq .
as for the australian government , they vowed to send troops to participate in the war without regard to domestic opposition .
hilbers said president bush should present saddam 's illegal evidence
( agence france - presse , washington , 28 th ) - the democratic leader of the senate , al - qaeda , told president bush on evidence to prove that iraq has strong antipersonnel weapons , and he also questioned whether the white house has a set of " guiding principles " to prove that there is a proper reason to attack saddam .
" if we have evidence that iraq possesses nuclear and biological weapons , why is it not known to the world ? as 40 years ago , the united nations ' ambassador to the united nations shi wensheng had pictures of offensive missiles , and immediately instructed the united nations ambassador to the united nations to make public the same statement at the un general assembly . "
at a time when the un security council reported to the un security council whether iraq would abide by the arms reduction order , the al - qaeda news agency reported to president bush in washington .
he said : " at the time when we began to engage in a war against terrorism , the american people have the right to understand why the united states has the right to send several thousand us soldiers to the battlefield , and the united states has to spend several billion us dollars to offend its allies and to provoke the enemy 's attack on iraq . "
" in a democratic country , the president should try his best to resolve the people 's questions and resolve the people 's doubts and misgivings . this is very important . "
he pointed out that the poll shows that the us people 's support rate for president bush is decreasing .
the white house 's rotation of overthrowing saddam , including the threat of neighboring countries , poisoning of the kurdish minority , and attempts to kill former president bush , who was accused of the september 11 attacks and creating weapons of mass destruction , and so on , has made people wonder that it should be known .
he said : " people cannot help but doubt that the government has the highest guiding principle . "
floods in northwest australia hit by floods
( agence france - presse , jakarta , 28 th ) - while the drought and forest fires in many parts of australia were devastated by drought and forest fires , flooding in some areas in northwest australia was flooded .
today , the disaster relief authorities must transport fresh food supplies to the town of the kunlun bay area in the province of the province of karachi , where the area has been trapped in the floods for nearly three weeks .
in the past , the flood - stricken areas in the town of the town have been closed to traffic for several months .
however , the head of the local parliament , northerly , said that this year , the town of the bakeke was hit by a sudden flood .
he said : " there is no new milk , fruits , or vegetables , and bread is very limited . before the road is re - opened , there are only a few food left . "
" the last goods vehicle in the town of baoke was trapped , and the truck entered the city on the 22 nd . we suspended our contacts with the outside world on the evening of the 22 nd . "
the water level has dropped in the past few days , and if the rain continues to fall , the road will be accepted this week .
randt , the boss of the bars in the town , said he was very careful to ensure the supply of beer , and he was unable to go to the bars .
randt said : " they drink wine , play cups and fishing for some time . "
" the large flood has now been replaced by dredged mud . therefore , even if the road water is gradually dissipated , it is still impossible to use it . "
thousands of olive trees to decorate athens olympic venues
( agence france - presse , athens , 28 th ) about 4,000 old rugby trees will be transferred to the 2004 olympic marathon relay route and other olympic games venues .
these olive trees will be transplant from a remote island to a golden island .
according to the athens olympic organizing committee , these trees will be removed sooner or later because of local construction projects .
the athens olympic committee said that these olive trees are now temporarily storage and are ready to replanted 1,500 old olive trees along the marathon path of 42.2 km long .
the remaining trees will be planted in other olympic venues .
the olive tree is the common landscape of greece , and the recently published olympic torch is the shape of olive tree , which is the olive tree of the olive tree .
an official from the olympic organizing committee said : " this proposal represents the sensitivity of the preparatory committee 's preparations for environmental protection . "
the three million euros will be spent on greening along the marathon .
the protesters and people close to the community said that the environment of the marathon line would be disrupted , and the routes of the marathon would be widened in some areas , and the primitive scenery that are still being preserved so far .
environmental protest figures also complained that some areas in athens have been blocked by many trees as a result of carrying out the electric lane plan related to the olympic games .
export poll : sharon 's coalition party wins israeli election
( agence france - presse , jerusalem , 28 th ) - according to the results of the election held by israel today , the right - wing coalition party , led by prime minister sharon , will win the election , and will win 32 - 36 seats in the parliament .
sharon 's office said that the leader of the main labor party , the leader of the main labor party , had already admitted his failure and called sharon to congratulate him .
according to estimates , the labor party will get 17 to 19 seats , which is lower than the original 25 seats , which will be the worst result of the labor party election since the founding of israel in 1948 .
the middle - of - the - road reform party is expected to have a great number of seats , and the party 's status as the second largest party in the labor party will be threatened by only six to 17 seats in the last parliament .
it is appropriate to have nine to 13 seats , less than 17 seats at present .
the findings are expected to be announced by the second channel tv station and the private sector after the voting at 10 pm .
the united party cadres said that the talks have started , and they hope to form a coalition government that can operate , but the labor party , the party leader of the labor party , has ruled out the possibility of joining the sharon administration .
us congressional members to be reshuffled at olympics
( agence france - presse , washington , 29 th ) - us congressmen have reprided the leaders of the national paralympic committee , and vowed to reshuffle the world 's most abundant funds for the games .
the functions of the us paralympic games are not clear , and there were previously intense internal problems and problems .
the senate plans to hold a hearing in february to study the relevant methods , and the congressmen who set up the us paralympic committee in 1978 will start the reorganization to arouse the confidence of us sports athletes , supporters , and sponsors .
" if we want to reconstruct the people 's confidence in the us paralympic games , we must carry out restructuring and reorganization , " said the chairman of the relevant senate committee .
we must put forward the method of reorganizing the us paralympic games in order to prevent the current problems from happening again . "
in the wake of the scandal , the chief executive of the us paralympic committee , the chairman of the paralympic committee , and the former discipline officials , who resigned last week , have had a fierce dispute like children .
republican senator bell said : " if the quarrel can also take the gold medal , officials at the paralympic games who are involved in the dispute will be eligible to receive the gold medal . "
european g - 8 supports us strategy on iraq
( agence france - presse , london , 29 th ) - except for the leaders of eight european countries , france and germany , today jointly issued an open letter in the paper of the times , calling on europe to unite with the united states and strive to eliminate iraq 's weapons of mass destruction .
leaders of britain , spain , portugal , italy , hungary , poland , denmark and the czech republic said that the united nations must force iraqi president saddam hussein to give up weapons of mass destruction and warned that the united nations ' reputation is being tested .
" our strength is from unity , " and the report put forward by the un arms inspection personnel on the 27 th confirmed saddam 's consistent " deceitful , deny , and cooperate . "
the letter was signed by british blair , spain 's jose maria aznar , italy 's berlusconi , and portugal 's mezzo , polish miller , and denmark 's rasmussen and the czech republic .
they insisted that saddam 's weapons of mass destruction are obviously a threat to world security .
" we must maintain unity and persist in demanding saddam 's regime to disarm .
the unity , unity , and determination of the international community are where we hope to achieve this goal by peaceful means . "
thai authorities send planes to withdraw from cambodia
( agence france - presse , bangkok , 30 th ) - due to the outbreak of an anti - thai conflict in phnom penh , the thai authorities sent military transport planes to phnom penh to withdraw about 560 overseas chinese , and several hundred people of thai origin have returned to bangkok today .
a military official said that thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra and high - ranking officers were greeted at the military airport in bangkok by the first mkk fighter plane , which was removed from phnom penh as well as 170 thai nationals on board .
the second plane was carrying 150 thai nationals back to the country .
two other planes are scheduled to take another 170 people to return to the country .
diplomatic personnel will take the fifth plane to return to the country .
thai supreme commander surayud told reporters at the airport : " we are ready to withdraw all of them this afternoon . "
surayud said that five thai people were slightly burnt and had been sent to nearby hospitals for treatment .
hundreds of protesters in cambodia attacked and burned the thai embassy in phnom penh on the 29 th .
the incident in phnom penh , where the cambodian people attacked the thai people , was caused by a red thai female star , who said that the famous cambodian royal temple was stolen from the neighboring countries .
the angry protesting masses plundered the thai people at the shop in phnom penh , where the royal hotel in phnom penh was reported to have been destroyed .
chinese people in asia happily welcome new year 's eve
( agence france - presse , hong kong , one day ) - - - after the chinese new year , a thousand people have come to the temple , hoping that the opportunity will take a turn for the better and become more prosperous .
in the famous wong tai sin temple in hong kong , tens of thousands of followers went to the temple , hoping to get a glimpse of the year of the dragon .
a middle - aged man overcrowded with the crowd said : " i hope to seek world peace , and some hong kong people can make more money . "
his wife said : " i am seeking physical health , and the workers are no longer being cut . "
in taiwan , president chen shui - bian returned to his home in the south of taiwan , and about 20,000 people , including 200 yuan - worth of red packets .
since the presidential office only prepared 15,000 red packets , several thousand people were disappointed .
in china , according to reports , three quarters of the 1.3 billion population are celebrating the spring festival on television .
state - owned central tv stations claimed that the four - hour special spring festival program broadcast on the new year 's eve has attracted a total of 97.5 million viewers .
among those who were able to eat dinner in the urban restaurant before television , many of them were said to be full of smoke .
this year , indonesia has designated the chinese new year as a national holiday for the first time , and this is a victory in the widespread discrimination of chinese people over a long period of time . now , it can be happy to celebrate the spring festival .
russian expert : " spaceship disaster may lead to suspension of space stations "
( agence france - presse , moscow ) a russian space expert pointed out that the unfortunate incident in the us space shuttle , which is on the way to return to the earth , may lead to the suspension of the artificial mission of the us space station and the russian spacecraft .
the russian space expert , who did not want to reveal his name , told the interfax news agency that the collapse of columbia , on the eve of the return of the atmosphere , would force the astronauts in the space station to return to the ground , open the automatic system of the space station , and operate for a period of time .
he said that if the cause of the accident was confirmed to be the old man of the space shuttle , the us would freeze all the tasks of the space shuttle to avoid similar disasters .
he further pointed out that the united states may be able to send the space crew to the space station by 2007 or 2008 and to build a new spacecraft .
if the us space shuttle is halted , russia will only be able to send a spaceship to the space station . however , the russian space agency is facing a serious financial problem . therefore , the united states and russia may reach an agreement to maintain the artificial task of the united states and russia in the use of the united states ' space station to carry out the operation of the aircraft to the international space station .
a russian expert said that the u.s. space mission is scheduled to return to the earth on march 1 , and that it should continue to stay in the space station .
the international space station program includes 16 countries including the united states , russia , japan , canada , france , and so on .
the russian expert pointed out that the unfortunate incident of one day showed that the space shuttle was not reliable , and russia had been in the midst of the incident in 1971 . when the joint venture 11 spacecraft was flying back to the earth , the three astronauts were damaged .
czech president to be sworn in as new president
( agence france - presse , prague , february 2 ) - during the period when the ruling party of the czech republic became a hero in the democratic movement , the famous writer of the czech democratic movement , havel , today left his post for the presidency for 13 years .
in his television speech , havel thanked the people for their trust , saying : " if not your understanding and goodwill , i will not be able to do so even in the office . "
although there are serious health problems , hami is still in a very high position , and although the successor has not yet been decided , he is still stepping down as scheduled .
on december 29 , 1989 , he made his first speech to the public on balloon , in the same place , at which he also expressed his best wishes to hundreds of people . he said : " i have to say farewell to you after i assumed the presidency 13 years ago . "
this 66 - year - old writer was originally a dissident , but later he became a world - class politician . this has also created the power of democracy in europe to defeat the extreme right .
after the outbreak of the revolution , the czech republic once served as the president of the party 's ruling party .
three years later , the czech republic was split into two countries of the czech republic and slovakia , and havel continued to serve as president of the czech republic .
today , the two men are scheduled to assume the presidency for the time being until the new president is elected by the president .
the czech parliament held a new presidential election last month , but there was no result in two votes on january 15 and 24 .
britain forecast to support un security council 's decision to attack iraq
( agence france - presse , london , 3 th ) - the british government believes that french president havel will eventually support the second resolution of the un security council to authorize the attack on iraq .
british media reported today that chirac and british prime minister blair will hold a meeting tomorrow in the northern part of france to exchange views on the latest developments in the iraq crisis .
the left - wing newspaper , the headline of the newspaper , said : " the downing street predicted that chirac would change his position on iraq , " and the newspaper also quoted a british prime minister 's office source as saying that four factors would affect chirac 's idea of accepting britain .
the middle - rightist paper also quoted a report by a high - level british official as saying that chirac has clearly understood his own anti - war stand " too much , " and he has found that seven european countries have adopted the same stance as britain and signed a letter to the united states on the iraq issue last week .
the thai times quoted a british diplomat as saying that chirac liked to be a focus of attention . however , he was not very stupid , but he was not eager to see the change of 180 degrees of chirac tomorrow , but he still hoped to see the signs of change in the attitude of the two leaders at the summit .
nearly 3,000 us troops stationed in south korea ordered to freeze security control
( agence france - presse , seoul , 3 th ) - the us military claimed that in the next three months , about 2,900 us generals and soldiers will be transferred out of south korea , so as to maintain the state of war preparedness .
the freeze is not directly related to the north korean nuclear crisis , but it shows that the united states has to deal with the iraq issue in a bid to deal with the issue .
the eighth us military group in seoul said today that they had received a freeze order to maintain the scale of us troops stationed in south korea , and at the same time , the replacement plan of us military units in the country was also being carried out in the same way as military deployment in afghanistan .
the us eighth army group commander cornell will issue a statement , which is aimed at ensuring the strength of the us military in south korea .
according to the defense treaty signed between south korea and the united states , about 37,000 us troops in south korea have been on the alert since north korea 's nuclear ambitions were exposed in december last year .
the wreckage also found in western california and the state of arizona .
( agence france - presse , houston , texas ) - the us national aviation and space agency ( nba ) said that in the western part of the united states , california and the asian state of the pacific region also found that the wreckage of the columbia , which is suspected to be involved in the crash of the space shuttle , or why the space will be allowed to provide an important clue in the air .
" we have received many reports of the wreckage on the ground in california and arizona , " said the deputy director of the national aviation and space agency .
he said that a team of experts had already made a surprise check of the debris at various locations in the state of the country , but it was also prudent to point out the things that are now .
the space agency has formed a special group to search for the wreckage of most of the wreckage and the west of louisiana , said the space agency on the 3 rd .
diego pointed out that the wreckage might be vital because it could provide the key component of the crash .
the colombian spacecraft , which is expected to drop on the 1 st , will land at 9 : 16 am ( 01016 gmt ) before the air disintegration of the kennedy space center in florida , and the seven astronauts on the space shuttle will be fully killed .
an investigation team was trying to understand why the temperature of the spaceship , which had been suspended a few minutes ago , was a high temperature of 16 degrees celsius in the left side of the same space , resulting in an abnormal luring of the space shuttle .
straw said that it was more likely that the wreckage could be found in the western part of the country than the expected cause of the crash .
he said : " it is extremely important to review the wreckage of the early stage of the crash . "
south korea calls for dialogue with north korea
( agence france - presse , washington , 4 th ) - us president bush , in the face of the strong demand of the next government of south korea and important allies of the us congress , urged washington to hold direct talks with north korea to avoid a nuclear crisis that cannot be settled .
a day after the heavy bomber has ordered the deployment of the bomber at any time and thus triggered the indignation of north korea , bush 's senior assistant had no choice but to defend washington 's policy toward north korea .
south korean president roh moo - hyun 's special envoy , who will soon take office , said in a meeting with secretary of state powell that " we hope the united states will take a more active role in dialogue with north korea . "
he also said that the dialogue between the united states and north korea should be conducted in multilateral international occasions .
at the same time , senior republican senator lugar , who is also a member of the republican party 's foreign policy , also strongly called on the united states to hold dialogue with north korea .
" i think us officials should hold talks with north korean officials to discuss how to end north korea 's nuclear weapons program through an international comprehensive inspection agreement . "
powell 's deputy secretary of state richard armitage told the senate foreign relations committee that the talks between us and north korean officials were only a matter of time , but not a question of what should be discussed .
" of course we will hold direct talks with north korea , " armitage said .
however , he said , washington must hold the dialogue only when it is convinced that the " strong international opinion " has been established to end the pyongyang nuclear weapons program .
unemployment rate up to five - year high in january
( agence france - presse , frankfurt ) - according to official data , the inclement weather and the long - term economic downturn in the winter have caused the german unemployment rate to rise to a new high in january this year , and the german chancellor schroeder , who had just been re-elected for a 100 - day period , to suffer another heavy blow .
in addition , along with the possible threat of war in iraq , the euro zone 's largest economy is expected to have a heavy economic downturn .
the freeze in the german labor market seems to continue in the next few months .
according to the statistics released by the federal department of labor in new york , germany 's unemployment rate has risen to a record high of 46.223 million people , or 11.1 percent of the german labor force , since march 1980 .
last december , the total unemployed population reached 42.25 million , and the unemployment rate was equivalent to 10.1% .
due to seasonal factors , the unemployment rate in the winter months of germany is usually higher , and the general company , especially the construction industry , has been dismissed due to inclement weather .
however , even if the reason is included , the team that applied for unemployment relief last month will continue to increase .
according to the seasonally adjusted data released by the german central bank in frankfurt , the total number of unemployed persons in january increased from 412,000 in december last year to 4274,000 .
meanwhile , the seasonally adjusted unemployment rate increased from 10.1% to 10.3% .
the director - general of the federal labor bureau , mr gerald m , will find a large - scale population increase due to the unusual winter weather and the two factors of economic difficulties .
singapore 's economy expected to recover in 2004
( agence france - presse , singapore , 6 th ) - the singapore economic review committee said that the singapore economy is expected to recover in 2004 due to the tense regional political and economic tension in the world .
in its annual economic review report , the singapore economic review commission said : " the singapore economy has not been completely out of the recession since 2001 , and there are too many uncertainties in the region , the economy of europe , the united states , and japan , and the imminent war in iraq , as well as the major challenges of the chinese mainland . "
however , this year , singapore 's economy is still in a reasonable growth opportunity , but if the economy is to recover in an all - round way , it may have to wait for 2004 .
the singapore government forecast that this year , after the economic growth of 2.2 percent last year , is expected to grow by two to five percent , but it is still far lower than the annual growth rate of 7.3 percent in 1985 .
the commission also recommended that the government should continue to restore the scheme of the employers ' provident fund , and that two years later , it should consider raising the rate of the employers ' provident fund , so as to avoid increasing employers ' burdens in the current difficult times and to help reduce the unemployment rate and to convey effective information to foreign investors .
yao ming sighed with emotion , nba 's idol is too fast .
( agence france - presse , washington , 8 th ) - - - - - - - - - - the chinese long - term swimmer of the united states ' latest basketball idol , yao ming , who has signed a contract with the baseball star , and the us - based football star , and the media , in the face of more than 100 reporters who have been doing their utmost to catch up with the media , can not help but show their wisdom .
the 22 - year - old houston rocket team , the 22 - year - old , will be the first runner - up in the 52 th us conference of the nba , which will be held here tomorrow .
other nba stars , such as deng liqun , ai , and the buddha , are quite different from the chinese people who have attracted the attention of the world soccer fans .
yao ming said : " it is quite obvious that this is only one side that i have to bear pressure , and this is a very special thing .
i hope to be a basketball player in the hotel room , but this may be a luxury hope that i cannot reach . "
however , when most people look at your belly , you can only see your faces continually appear in television advertisements . this is very likely to be a kind of luxury .
when you are making a profit of millions of us dollars , and replacing the flying saucers into a main player in the basketball , life is inevitable to be a busy one .
yao ming said : " everything is too fast and too fast .
you do n't want to have everything from the beginning , and you want to gradually merge into nba , not like that .
however , none of these is allowed to be done by you . "
novosibirsk has no intention to return to court
( agence france - presse , paris , 7 th ) - the swiss woman , who was the first world champion in the five - seat world cup finals from 1997 to 2008 , said today that she had no intention to return to the stadium .
however , the 21 - year - old williams believed that the age of the 14 - year - old singer was too early , and that his body was exhausted .
" i do n't think that singh is a formal withdrawal from the internet world , but i have been in the midst of all the news in the world before the age of 17 , and i have been able to get a good understanding of the fact that she has been a few years in the internet world . sometimes , i will also be able to have a good understanding of the retirement . "
singh accepted the baton of the baton , which has already recovered last year , which made her unable to take part in the french open and the windy , but the third round of the us open game was eliminated by shakespeare .
the last match was shot down by russian player sai piolene barshefsky in germany on october 10 last year .
it is a great encouragement to her winning of the four major events in a row .
bush vowed to end armed iraq by various means
( agence france - presse , washington , 14 th ) - us president bush today vowed to " lift the armed forces of iraqi president saddam hussein . "
" saddam 's weapons of mass destruction have been used to deceive the world and continue to do so , " he said .
saddam has also established ties with terrorist organizations . "
in his speech delivered at the us federal bureau of investigation headquarters on 11 september 2001 , bush said : " saddam is a dangerous element . this is the reason why he will be eliminated by various means . "
this was bush 's first public response to the un security council meeting in new york today .
the meeting was mainly aimed at listening to a report by a responsible official of the un arms inspection commission on whether iraq should abide by the un security council 's resolution 1441 adopted on 8 november last year .
white house spokesman fleischer said that the united states did not provide any reason to believe that iraq was abiding by the un security council resolution 1441 .
he told reporters , " today the world has not been informed of the news from new york , and it is believed that saddam has already demonstrated to the personnel of the armed forces .
the situation is just the opposite . "
when asked when the united states will put forward the follow - up resolution on the implementation of the un security council resolution 1441 , fleischer said that " it is now too early " , but the united states will consult with its allies on the issue of the contents .
for example , france , russia , china , and other countries still advocate strengthening arms inspection against iraq , and do not want the united states to lead the war against iraq .
fleischer said that president bush also thought military action was " the last resort . "
however , he insisted on the timetable set by bush , saying that the united nations would be able to try to promote the peace of iraq and then to take military action .
white house to plan sanctions against north korea : report
( afp report from washington ) the new york times quoted us officials as saying today that the white house is studying the sanctions to be taken out when the pyongyang authorities fail to give up the development of nuclear weapons .
the sanctions will include the prohibition of the delivery of weapons by north korea and the cut of the korean remittance in japan , the report said .
the report pointed out that officials of the pentagon and the state council are working out a detailed plan for sanctions so that the united states can respond at any time when north korea adopts new measures to develop nuclear weapons .
the first step will be to urge the un security council to condemn north korea 's recent move to develop nuclear weapons , including withdrawing from the nuclear proliferation treaty and the re - opening of the plutonium that can produce weapons , the new york times said .
however , washington 's pacific allies are still opposed to sanctions against north korea , and the un security council may focus on the iraq issue in the next few weeks .
the new york times reported that at the same time , many us officials were worried that if the united states launched an attack on iraq , north korea might take advantage of the opportunity to promote the production of its weapons .
u.s. troops to train on philippine island
( agence france - presse , manila , the philippines , 17 th ) - us military training personnel will send to the philippine hostages , the island and the island of the philippines this year to help the philippines cope with the terrorist threats brought by the islamic rebels .
philippine president arroyo said : " this training exercise will form part of the overall defense and security cooperation activities between the philippines and the united states , and will continue to focus on enhancing our ability to resist terrorist threats . "
he pointed out in a statement : " as for the detailed number of us officers and men and support forces , as well as the time for the drill , the philippine government and the united states will still be decided by consultations . "
philippine secretary of defense slocombe told reporters that us general vedrine will arrive in the philippines in the near future , " discussing various situations and details of the action in the soviet union . "
the islands in the southern part of the philippines include and the islands of the republic of the philippines .
arroyo 's national security adviser gao liulz said that the soviet training exercise would " give the philippine armed forces the greatest training in anti - terrorism . "
since the terrorist attacks in the united states in 2001 , the us government has been strengthening its military aid to the philippine government , and is worried that the al - qaeda islamic militants , which have been led by the united states , may have established a base in southeast asia .
the above concerns have been corroborated in the bombing of the bali resort in indonesia last year , which killed nearly 200 people .
most of the people killed in the bali bombings are western tourists .
cmec , founder of the mai corp . of the german telecommunications industry , announced its bankruptcy
( agence france - presse , hansburg , 18 th ) - the former chairman of the german telecommunications industry corporation , the former chairman of the board of directors , announced today that the value of the stocks has been greatly affected , and he has announced his personal bankruptcy and has already submitted a application to the johannesburg court in northern germany .
in the past year , the company 's financial difficulties were almost on the brink of bankruptcy , and the value of the siemens , which had been affected , was almost 40 percent of the company 's shares .
the statement pointed out that the private property and real estate of schmidt were also affected .
the court has appointed a accountants office to deal with his bankruptcy .
in order to build a new generation of the global telephone network global communication system , the azimuth , which has been used for a long period of time , was dismissed by the great shareholders of the mai corp . of last year .
in a statement issued later today , siemens said that the personal bankruptcies of the company did not affect the business or contract of the company .
the statement also said that a seven - billion - euro relief package , which is to be undertaken by the french telecommunications corporation , will not change , and the project is expected to provide about 100 - million euros of the german government and financial institutions to provide about 5,000 employees .
us , south korean military exercises threaten to withdraw from nkorea in march
( agence france - presse , seoul , 18 th ) - south korea and the united states are ready to launch a large - scale military exercise for nearly one month since early march , and the north korea threatened to withdraw from the korean war agreement .
at a time when the tense situation of the korean peninsula 's nuclear deadlock has not been eased for four months , north korea has threatened to withdraw from the truce agreement . the general interpretation is that the dprk authorities ' response to the united states and south korea 's announcement yesterday that they will hold joint military exercises in march .
the north korean military issued a statement , saying that the united states has repeatedly violated the cease - war agreement , " if the us side continues to violate and missed the rest of the war agreement , north korea will not need to continue to comply with the rest of the war agreement .
the future development will be determined by the us attitude . "
however , senior us military officials said that north korea had said in 1994 that they would no longer be constrained by the agreement on the korean war .
the us authorities announced yesterday that the united states and south korea will hold an annual joint military exercise on the korean peninsula , which will last until april 4 .
a south korean government official said south korea issued an invitation yesterday to north korea , asking them to send observers to observe the military exercise .
the official , who declined to be named , said , " north korea 's statement on withdrawing from the truce agreement is obviously a response to the upcoming joint military exercise between south korea and the united states . "
earlier , the united states had ordered 12 b - 52 bombers and several b - 52 bombers of the same number of b - 1 bombers to be stationed in the korean peninsula . the united states has already severely condemned north korea .
in addition , japanese media reported yesterday that the united states has planned to strengthen its military deployment in northeast asia in order to prevent north korea 's nuclear weapons program .
indonesian authorities reject security plan at us embassy
( agence france - presse , jakarta , 19 th ) - the us embassy in jakarta proposed to the indonesian authorities a three - meter wall to strengthen the safety of the embassy , but it was rejected .
the " jakarta post " and the state - owned " anatolia " news agency reported one after another today that the jakarta authorities , on the grounds of undermining the american view , have been able to replace the current proposal of the separation of the embassy and the ambassador 's residence from the outside world .
the jakarta official quoted the mayor of suzuki as saying that the precondition is to remove the wall , but the precondition is that the three - meter - long consular district must be built .
in addition , the embassy has to set up carelessly on both sides of the barrier to improve the observation of gao zhan in the district .
" su shi - mei said that the garden landscape could reduce the feeling of the us embassy giving people a fortress .
in 2001 , the united states dominated the military action of afghanistan , which was aimed at overthrowing the taliban regime , and its embassy in indonesia was faced with protest activities .
in the past , after former ambassador to jakarta police could not effectively curb the action of the hardliners who threaten the security of americans , the authorities concerned strengthened the security of the embassy .
it is generally expected that if the united states is waving the iraqi army , it will be impossible to avoid large - scale protest activities .
novosibirsk will play host to the internet world
( agence france - presse , tokyo ) - the new japanese electronics giant , the game , said that starting from may , the new plan will be further promoted to the internet in the country 's retail outlets , which will be the main player of the game .
as of the end of december , the new corporation had sold 190,000 broadband links to its own online games service seven months after it was introduced in japan .
at present , the sales of broadband links composed of the hard - made cd - rom and the relay transmitter are only sold through the internet service providers ( the p - iii ) .
compared with 1,22.5 million people in the first national games in japan , and the number of users in various parts of the world reached 5.04 million , and the above - mentioned sales performance is not the proportion .
in addition to the introduction of more online games in retail outlets , the new strategy is to encourage users to use their game players as a part of the game strategy .
a spokeswoman for the new subsidiary of the xinli computer entertainment company ( ndg ) said : " we will be able to sell hyperlinks to retail outlets , and more users can enjoy the fun of online games . "
the spokesman said that there is only one kind of online games in the 874 games , and two online games will be added in the next few months .
about 20 japanese drug trafficking games are capable of the main link .
the broadband connections are not fixed at the price , but the price for the sales of the internet service providers is 28,000 yen ( 150 us dollars ) per set .
new power has sold about 570,000 sets of narrow - range internet links in the north american region , with each set priced at about $ 39 per set , and about 20 different types of games .
two years after asia , it will have one of the world 's largest designers ' population
( agence france - presse , singapore , 24 th ) - " international information company " published a report today , pointing out that in the next two years , the asia - pacific region will have more computer programs designers and other professionals than north america .
north america was the region with the largest number of research and development personnel in 2001 , and the asia - pacific region replaced europe to become a region with the second largest population in the world .
however , the report said that the strong growth of china and india is expected to push the asia - pacific region to the first in 2005 .
the asian - pacific region , especially india , is a major source of professional personnel in the north american information industry .
" international information " said : " in the next five years , it is expected that the growth of the asia - pacific region will be more powerful in north america , especially those big countries , china and india . "
" international information " indicated that in 2001 there were 7.8 million research and development personnel , which is expected to increase to 13.3 million in 2006 .
the report pointed out that by the end of 2001 , 1.7 million information industry research and development personnel in asia were involved .
" international information " indicated that the drop in the number of north american professionals was partly due to the recession in the industry in the region .
research shows that father 's gene may affect children 's date of birth
( agence france - presse , paris , 28 th ) - according to a research report by a british medical weekly published on saturday , the gene of the father may affect the date of the child 's birth .
about 5 percent of pregnant women will be able to produce later , that is , the time of pregnancy will reach 294 days .
at present , it has been known that this issue will cause health problems to housewives and children , but it is still a mystery .
in 1980 - 1992 , danish researchers followed a total of 43,000 births in the country , with at least two children , and the first time of pregnancy .
when analyzing the situation , they only used the information on their previous production .
on the whole , nearly 20 per cent of the women who have been pregnant for the first time have the same experience in the second time of pregnancy .
however , when the first and second children came from different parents , the percentage fell slightly to over 15 percent .
" this has been a lot , " said the host of the research report .
this indicated that if you ( the second child ) are the same as the partners of the team , you will be much more likely to have a long time of pregnancy than 30 percent . "
" if women change the time of pregnancy in each and every time , they can reduce the danger of time - sharing , " the report said .
we believe this is a new discovery .
this means that the date of birth may be determined by the father 's gene . "
belgium asking for cutting of anchor fuel for fuel oil
xinhua news agency , brussels , january 4 , ( reporter liu sejun ) - the belgian authorities issued an ultimatum to the turkish " vitamin " , which is more than the mine owner , on the 4 th , demanding that they begin to take the 700 - 1,000 - ton fuel oil .
the belgian media quoted a responsible official of the relevant departments as saying that the fuel oil carried by the " vitamin " is the same as the " prestige " oil that causes pollution in the sea waters of spain , and the vessel owner must ensure that these fuel tanks can be taken out as soon as possible to avoid the pollution of the area .
the belgian authorities said that if the owner of the " vitamin " does not meet the above - mentioned requirements , for example , he will be detained by the ship for the transportation of oil , and the cost will be paid by the ship owner .
on the first day of the " vitamin " tanker , from belgium , went to new york , where it collided with the " three - color " ship of norway , which was on its way to the sea 30 km from the northern part of belgium .
floods hit parts of europe
xinhua news agency , berlin , january 4 , at least seven people in some european countries , including germany , belgium , and the czech republic , have been killed by hurricane and floods .
many river water level has risen , and the shipping of some important rivers has been forced to suspend , and the transportation of highways has also been affected .
in the bavaria of bavaria , the flood has swept across the river in four days , and the inundation of the surrounding areas has no choice but to move forward in the river .
small town wei jianxing is expected to go through the highest water level in the past 80 years .
the volunteers used rubber boats to send local residents to stores .
government officials have also built a platform in the old city to make things convenient for people .
the historical city of cologne was also robbed in heavy rain .
the navigation of the 144 - km south of cologne was forced to suspend .
however , government officials said that as the river continues to decline , the worst period was over .
however , the flood season in the small towns of belgium is still serious , with two missing .
the belgian government has decided to take over the construction of the sand bags and prevent the villages and roads from being attacked further .
slovak prime minister calls for joint efforts to achieve lasting peace
xinhua news agency , colombo , january 6 ( reporter zhang dongdong ) - the sri lanka prime minister , the five - day , called on the people to make joint efforts to end the 1919 - year ethnic conflict in the country and realize lasting peace .
in a televised speech on the evening of the day , the sri lankan government and the anti - government anti - government group ( the group ) have entered a decisive stage , and no matter what happens , it is now time to begin to take the road of lasting peace .
he stressed : before the ultimate realization of peace , there is still a long way to go , and the settlement of national conflicts through political means will ensure the rights and interests of all nationalities .
he called on all parties concerned to abandon their political differences and make up their minds to seek peace with one voice .
the slovak government and the tiger group began their four - day fourth round of peace talks in the country .
the main topic of the talks was the removal of the tamil nado in the high - level security zone in the north of the slovak peninsula and the serious differences between the slovak government and the tiger group on the issue .
the government and the people 's armed forces have proposed to lift the armed forces as the conditions for the reresettlement of the tamil , but this condition is " unacceptable and realistic . "
in february last year , the slovak government and the serbian group signed an agreement to implement an official cease - fire .
since mid - september , the two sides have held three rounds of peace talks .
the kcna said that it would no longer seek to build an independent tamil country in the northern and eastern states of slovakia , but to seek regional autonomy under the federal system .
shaanxi 's fengxiang cement slave becomes china 's year - old mascot
xinhua news agency , xi'an , january 8 , the painting and calligraphy of the lunar new year animals of the six battalion of fengzhang county , shaanxi province , was also elected as the mascot of the chinese lunar new year while being selected as the 2003 lunar new year .
this is the first time that the chinese have chosen the mascot for their new year .
starting from the end of september 2002 , more than 50,500 media , including cctv , have jointly collected the mascot of the year 2003 in the country .
by the end of 2002 , the evaluation committee had received more than 300 000 entries for the selection of the " sheep " .
in the " sheep " with the characteristics of the " sheep , " the mud of the people of shaanxi province 's non - governmental artist hu xinmin , " the " honest government " and the " good luck " have been widely accepted by the majority of the evaluation committees .
in the end , the guinness of the year 's mascot was removed by the vote margin .
in the baoshan area of shaanxi province , the beautiful scenery of the " folk art and art of the folk art , " and the painting of the folk art of the longlong chicken county in 1995 and 2002 , the traditional , and the deep - rooted sculptures of the six camp village , fengchang county , were also issued to the state post office as a special stamps on the eve of the year and issued to the home and abroad .
the chinese national general administration of postal has been elected as the third special stamp of the lunar new year , " the spokesman said .
the hague court medical group to confirm the condition of the poland beirut
xinhua news agency , belgrade , january 8 ( reporter yang chengming ) - - the croatian media disclosed on the 8 th that the hague court will send a medical group to croatia in the near future to confirm whether the condition of the former chief of the chief of the general staff of the hague armed forces in the hague was allowed to be tried .
potek was admitted to hospital in mid - november last year .
croatian prime minister rachang promised him that during his stay in the hague , he would not be extradited to the hague court .
a spokesman for the international court for the former yugoslavia issued a statement on 20 september last year , saying that the court has formally requested the croatian government to arrest and extradite the " anti - human crimes and war crimes . "
the chief of the general staff of the croatian army from november 1992 to july 1995 .
the hague court accused him of leading his subordinates to kill more than 100 serbians and civilians in september 1993 and burned more than 300 civilian houses .
in a statement issued to the media that evening , the hague court refused to charge him , and said that it would not hesitate to take life as a price and would never yield to the hague court .
us defense department to abolish two missile interception tests
xinhua news agency , washington , january 8 ( reporter tan xinmu ) - the us defense department 's missile defense office spokesman jose maria aznar announced on the 8 th that the us military has decided to cancel two missile interception tests scheduled for the first half of this year , because the reason for the development of a new - type booster to launch a missile intercepting missile .
aznar told the media here that the missile defense agency needs to focus on solving the problem of the booster , and the next test will be carried out by the boeing company in autumn this year after the missile intercepting rocket is produced .
the boeing company originally planned to launch a test on the new - type booster of " interception " missile in 2000 , but it was postponed due to technical reasons .
after the failure of the rocket launching in december 2001 , the boeing company decided to redesign the rocket and is scheduled to complete this autumn .
in the eight land - based interception tests that have been carried out , the us military used the modified " militia " rocket as a substitute for the booster , but the test results of this kind of booster are not ideal .
the missile interception test conducted in july 2000 and december last year failed because the " interception device " was not separated from the booster .
us president bush ordered the department of defense to start deploying the missile defense system on 17 december last year and strive to build a preliminary missile defense system by september 2004 .
however , many experts believe that as far as the technology is concerned , the time for the deployment of the missile defense system is not yet ripe .
kadish , director of the missile defense agency , also said that if the boeing company cannot produce a qualified help rocket as scheduled , the entire missile defense system will be affected .
slovak president leaves shanghai for hong kong
xinhua news agency , shanghai , january 10 ( reporter zhou jirong ) - the president of the republic of slovakia , schuster , ended his visit to shanghai on the morning of the 10 th , and left shanghai by the slovak special plane for hong kong .
vice mayor of shanghai zhou muyao went to the airport to see slovak president schuster off .
schuster and his party arrived in shanghai on a special plane at noon on the 8 th .
during his stay in shanghai , shanghai mayor chen liangyu met with schuster on the evening of 8 august , and expressed welcome to more slovak enterprises to carry out economic and trade cooperation in shanghai .
on the afternoon of the 8 th , schuster attended a forum of chinese and slovak entrepreneurs .
on september 9 , schuster attended the opening ceremony of the shanghai office of the slovak electronics design institute and visited the shanghai urban planning exhibition hall and the shanghai museum .
the total amount of import and export trade between slovakia and shanghai has reached 30 million us dollars , and the import and export commodities of both sides are mainly wearing apparel , medical drugs , rolled steel , furniture and parts , etc.
schuster is here at the invitation of chinese president jiang zemin to pay a state visit to china on 4 january .
shanghai port transmits kaohsiung to become world 's fourth largest container port
xinhua news agency , shanghai , january 10 ( reporter feng yizhen ) - the information from the port industry , the total container throughput of shanghai port , which was completed last year , was 81.12 million teus , while the container throughput of taiwan 's kaohsiung port was about 84.91 million teus , and shanghai port surpassed kaohsiung port and became the fourth largest container port in the world .
last year , the global economic recovery and china 's sustained economic development have injected new vitality into the development of shanghai 's port .
in 2001 , the total volume of container throughput in shanghai port reached 634 million tons , and the total volume of container throughput reached 81.62 million boxes , a sharp increase of 35.8 percent over the previous year , and the total volume of cargo throughput reached 2.6 billion tons , increasing by 19 percent over the previous year , and the export volume for the first time broke through 100 million tons , an increase of 22 percent over the previous year .
shanghai port , with its vast economic hinterland , has a huge network of direct flights , and has become the largest port in the air route and the largest number of flights .
at present , shanghai port has flights in 12 of the world , and has trade contacts with more than 4,000,000 ports in the world , and is going to europe and north america every day , and there are flights to the mediterranean , the persian gulf , and australia every week .
each month , there are over 1,300 flights around the world .
the shanghai port , which is speeding up the construction of the international shipping center , will break through 9.5 million boxes this year and strive to reach 10 million teus and achieve the original target one year ahead of schedule .
turkey allows us to inspect turkey bases
xinhua news agency , ankara , january 10 ( reporter huaibo ) - the turkish government has agreed to send 150 military personnel to turkey 's bases and ports in the iraq war , according to a report by the turkish newspaper on the 10 th .
the report said that after several rounds of negotiations , the turkish and us sides finally reached an agreement on the legal status of these us military personnel .
if these us personnel violate the law outside military facilities , they will be investigated under the criminal law of turkey .
turkey 's judicial organs have the right to arrest , sentence , and imprisonment for them .
if the courts are allowed , criminals can also serve their sentences in the united states .
turkey and the united states can officially sign the document at any time , the anatolia news agency reported .
according to reports , the united states demanded that turkey open up a " northern front " on its territory , use turkey 's bases and harbour , and deploy 80,000 ground troops in turkey to launch attacks from turkey to baghdad .
the us side hopes that military experts will conduct an inspection and construction of the bases and ports in turkey as soon as possible so that these facilities can meet the actual combat standards .
the three bases proposed by the united states are the three bases for the use of the islamic republic of the islamic republic , the manhattan , and the three harbour are taishet , chernomyrdin , and israel .
they are located in southern and southeastern turkey .
us to resume reception of iraqi refugees
xinhua news agency , washington , january 10 , the us government announced on the 10 th the resumption of the implementation of the plan after a short - term suspension of the iraqi refugees reception .
us immigration department officials said that the iraqi refugees reception plan has been resumed after a few days of suspension , but there is no reason for the suspension or recovery of the plan .
on the 9 th , the un high commissioner for refugees in washington received a telephone call from senior officials of the us state department to inform the receiving of the iraqi refugees plan .
refugees affected by this change were mainly scattered in jordan , syria and turkey .
the head of the us refugee commission , lalibereuters , blamed iraqi president saddam , for being persecuted by the saddam government to escape their home .
the us government plans to accept 70,000 refugees in 2003 .
last year , the plan to receive 70,000 refugees , but it actually received only less than 30,000 people .
( culture and entertainment hotline ) the beijing - based children 's drama " the wild birds " will stage
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 11 , the beijing theater of hebei province will stage the first stage of the beijing - changan theatre on the evening of january 13 - 24 , according to the beijing opera " the children 's music theatre " of the andersen 's fairy tales .
the " tomawan " is concentrated on the culture , costumes , and the scene , and the language , music , and the style of the ancient times , and the beautiful children 's story is the form of the beijing opera .
it depicted the beautiful love of princess margaret , and was persecuted by the beautiful and beautiful , and her elder brother who had suffered all kinds of hardships and pain .
finally , the good , the beautiful , and the beautiful scenery of the country have completely lost their crescent , and the love of the motherland has finished the three beautiful jump of life .
according to a report by the beijing evening news , the program , which is composed , directed , and performed , can be said to be a complete success .
on the whole , the famous director xie ping has kept the characteristics of the beijing opera , and has added the romantic and lively atmosphere to the children , and has mobilized a large number of art means and stage , especially in the handling of the masses ' scenes , so that people can feel the unique and unique style of their work .
aide zhang yanling , the actors of the aide , is a national class one actor and the " mei hua award " .
her throats - ethanol is ejected from ethanol .
in the beautiful scenery of other countries ' native country , the love for the gothenberg , who is love of the motherland , has been hurt by a large number of " anti - pornography " , and the " anti - pornography " and the " double - edged sword . "
the actor of the drama was closely linked to life , and was simple and beautiful , making her inhaled as a mirror .
colombia car bomb blasts killed at least four
xinhua news agency report of january 16 from bogota ( by staff reporter yin nan ) a car bomb exploded on the side of the second largest city of columbia , the central district procuratorate of columbia , on the morning of the 16 th , causing at least four deaths and 26 injuries .
police revealed that a taxi parked in the vicinity of the procuratorate 's shopping arcade exploded at 8 : 00 a.m . local time .
among the victims , one year - old child , five of the injured were seriously injured .
forty shops and 15 vehicles were damaged by the explosion .
the authorities suspect that the incident was the " guerrillas of colombia " organized by the anti - government guerrillas , because this week , 68 members of the guerrillas were arrested in mecca .
the director of the police office of the meclinlin city , announced that the police offered a reward of 500 million pesos ( about 1.72 million us dollars ) for the arrest of the perpetrators .
the anatolia province , one of the most fierce regional armed conflicts in colombia , is the " colombian revolutionary armed forces , " the " national liberation army , " and the right - wing military organization .
eu decides a huge diamonds deal violating discipline
xinhua news agency , brussels , january 16 ( reporter tian fan ) the european commission announced on the 16 th that the european union ( eu ) had initially identified the four - billion - euro diamond trading contract signed by the german company and the russian diamonds company , which violated the eu 's anti - monopoly law .
in south africa and britain , the company controlled 60 percent to 65 percent of the world 's unprocessed diamonds , while the russian diamond company is the only diamonds company in russia , and is also the world 's second largest unprocessed diamonds .
according to the five - year large - scale contracts signed by the two companies , the russian diamonds company agreed to provide the german company with half of the annual diamond output , which is worth about 800 million euros , and the company will be responsible for pushing the diamonds to the market .
the eu commission pointed out in a statement that the contract will restrict the free competition between russia and the world 's diamonds market and make the german company possible to abuse its leading position to effectively control the quantity , quality , and even prices of diamonds in the world .
according to the eu 's anti - monopoly law , these two companies can raise objections to the eu commission 's decision within two months , and the eu commission will continue to conduct an anti - monopoly investigation of these two companies .
gas explosion occurred in yamanashi prefecture
xinhua news agency , harbin , january 21 ( reporter wu xiaodong and yang haibin ) - - a gas explosion occurred at 7 : 42 a.m . on the 20 th in the mining area of the haxi mining group , killing 97 people and 16 people .
by the early morning of the 21 st , the emergency disaster and disaster relief work had been completed .
according to yu jihua , chairman of the board of directors of the chungxi mining group , the accident took place from the original bankruptcy of the coal mine to the reorganization of the coal mine , with an annual output of about 200,000 tons .
the gas explosion was not being carried out in the mining area , and was located at the fueling road .
at that time , the workers in the mineshaft were moving the equipment .
the cause of the explosion is still unclear .
in the wake of the accident , more than 40,000 ambulance crew members were dispatched to rescue the wounded in the accident , and the remaining one was safe .
the bodies of the victims have already been sent to the ground , and the work of identifying them and other aftermath are being carried out .
the ventilation system at the lower deck has been restored to normal .
the relevant leaders of the heilongjiang provincial coal mine safety supervision bureau and the chicken industry promptly rushed to the scene to investigate the cause of the accident .
japan 's central bank decides to maintain existing financial policy
xinhua news agency , tokyo , january 22 , ( by yue shaoyan ) - the central bank 's policy committee on the 22 nd decided to maintain the current financial policy , with the total amount of funds provided to the market still maintaining the level of 15 - trillion yen ( 1 - trillion yen ) .
on the issue of the government and the ruling party 's demand for " formulating an appropriate inflation target , " the meeting held that the government should adopt a prudent attitude .
the meeting held that although japan 's economic prospects have become more covert , the stock market and financial market have been relatively stable , and the economic situation has not changed , and therefore it has decided to maintain the current financial policy .
on the question of the government and the ruling party urging the central bank to further relax the bank and set a suitable target of inflation , the central bank held that the current financial market in japan is very sufficient .
if there is insufficient capital supply in the financial market in the future , the central bank will increase the amount of capital input in accordance with the need .
it has been learned that the japanese government and the ruling party hope that the central bank will raise the annual price increase rate of domestic prices to one - third .
iraq war could lead to adequate supply of oil in international oil market
xinhua news agency , riyadh , january 22 , according to a report by the saudi arabia 's " the oil and mining minister " on the 22 nd , the organization of petroleum exporting countries ( opec ) cannot make up for the 5 million barrels of crude oil in the international market if a war breaks out in iraq .
khalilzad said that only the actual increase of state - owned assets of the opec member states of saudi arabia and the united arab emirates .
he held that " the opec has problems in meeting market demand because the saudi arabia and the united arab emirates can increase its output by 3 million barrels a day . "
since december last year , the prices of crude oil in the international market have continued to rise , due to the influence of a major strike in venezuela and the threat of the iraq war .
the opec decided to increase its crude oil production by 1.5 million barrels a day from february to february .
however , due to the iraq war threat , the united states and britain continued to send more troops to the gulf region , and the international market oil prices continued to rise on the 21 st .
khalilzad said that compared with the supply and demand , the current international oil prices are more affected by the tense political situation in the world .
shenzhen customs cracks down on monetary smuggling
xinhua news agency , shenzhen , january 25 , ( by li nanling and li xiangzhi ) - while ensuring the effective supervision of civilization , shenzhen customs has dealt a severe blow to the smuggling of currency through the inspection channels .
last year , the customs handled a total of 1,023 monetary cases , with a total value of more than 15,000 yuan , of which 15 cases ( not including foreign exchange bills ) were handled .
as the largest tourist inspection port in the country , the lo wu customs is responsible for the supervision and control of more than 25,000 passengers a day , and it is likely that there will be a considerable amount of money outflow every day if it is not strictly controlled .
in the face of such a situation , the customs authorities have always adopted strict supervision and inspection measures to investigate the situation and to strictly guard against the outflow of currency in the country .
at 9 : 00 a.m . on 19 february last year , a middle - aged woman , carrying li boxes and flying fast , attracted the attention of the customs officers .
after the luggage , the customs officers found that there were suspicious objects inside the box , and they found that the cart was in a black plastic bag , with a total of $ 3 million .
this is the largest case in which tourists were seized in the past two years , and this is the largest case in which they were flying outside the country .
in july and august last year , the " underground qian zhuang " attempted to make use of the flow of passengers at the lo wu summer festival to enter and leave the country . the port is a crowded opportunity for the people on the spot to steal a large amount of foreign currencies .
the customs has attached great importance to this , and has deployed manpower on the spot to resolutely crack down on " underground cash smuggling " activities .
from 2 july to 1 august , the lo wu customs seized four " underground cash " smuggling cases , with a total value of more than 146,000 yuan .
tibetan new year delegation meets in new year
xinhua news agency report of january 27 from lhasa ( by staff reporter rabin ) on the afternoon of the 27 th , the lhasa hotel was in a festive atmosphere , and more than 3,000 people from all walks of life and all walks of life in tibet attended the spring festival and the tibetan new year meeting held here .
at the meeting , legqog , chairman of the tibet autonomous regional people 's government , called on the people of all nationalities in the whole region to work hard for all the builders of the qinghai - tibet railway , the officers and men of the people 's liberation army , the armed police , and the public security officers and men of the tibet autonomous region , as well as the chinese new year greetings to the tibetan compatriots abroad .
he said : in the past year , with the cordial concern of the party central committee and the state council , and with the selfless support of the people of all ethnic groups in the whole country , especially the provinces , municipalities , and key state - owned enterprises , the autonomous region party committee and government have united and led the people of all ethnic groups in the region to uphold the guiding ideology of the work in tibet in the beginning of the new century , united in a pioneering spirit , and maintain the sustained , rapid , and healthy development of the national economy .
tibet has shown a good situation in which the people are united and the people , the economy is developing , the society is advancing , the people of all nationalities are united , the situation is stable , and the people are living and working in peace and contentment .
he pointed out : the new year is the first year for tibet to comprehensively implement and implement the spirit of the 16 th party congress , and is also a key year for tibet to promote development by leaps and bounds and to lay a foundation for building a well - off society in an all - round way .
tibet will comprehensively promote the healthy and coordinated development of socialist material civilization , political civilization , and spiritual civilization in tibet .
at the meeting , the tibet autonomous regional song and dance troupe and other units presented excellent performances .
pagbalha geleg namgyai , vice chairman of the npc standing committee , attended the meeting .
german council for promoting peaceful reunification president jiang 's eight - point proposal on taiwan
xinhua news agency , berlin , january 27 , german overseas chinese and chinese people of chinese origin issued a statement on the 26 th to mark the eighth anniversary of president jiang zemin 's important speech entitled " continue to strive to promote the accomplishment of the great cause of the reunification of the motherland . "
the statement reviewed the development course of cross - strait relations and the many actions taken by the overseas compatriots in recent years to " oppose separatism , oppose taiwan independence , and promote the peaceful reunification of the motherland , " and held that compatriots on both sides of the strait have carried out full and effective cooperation .
the statement said : president jiang zemin 's important speech is a solid foundation for the establishment of a benign interaction and cooperation between the chinese people on both sides of the strait and overseas compatriots . it has both the core of the one - china principle , and the chinese people on both sides of the strait are a brotherly love of the times , and has a clear - cut characteristics of the times , and also a very strong reality , and has the flexibility , and stability of the final settlement of the problem .
the statement pointed out : president jiang 's eight - point proposal has fully safeguarded and represented the most fundamental interests of the chinese people on both sides of the strait and overseas compatriots .
the statement called on overseas compatriots to make new efforts to promote the reunification of the motherland .
chinese culture festival opens in ankara
xinhua news agency , ankara , january 28 ( reporter zheng jinfa ) - the " chinese culture festival " with the theme of " the chinese people celebrating the chinese spring festival " was opened at the trade center in the turkish capital of ankara on the evening of the 28 th .
hebei province 's song and dance performance , acrobatic skills and other brilliant programs have attracted more than 15,000,000 turkish viewers .
in the evening , many of the viewers went to the hall to get the best seats .
the performance was not yet beginning , and many of the viewers had no choice but to stand on the corridor of the hall , and many children had no choice but to see the performance of the chinese actresses .
the dance " running mule " with local characteristics in hebei shows the interest of young husband and wife on the way back to their home .
turkey 's viewers have been full of laughter for the excellent performance of the actors and their humorous remarks , and they have been warmly applauded .
when china 's singing artist zhai fang sang singing and singing the famous " big mountains " of turkey , the whole scene was a thunderous applause .
at the end of the performance , many turkish viewers rushed to taiwan to ask chinese actors and actresses to sign up , and some of them had a group photo taken to mark the occasion , and some turkish children had left their tears because they had not been signed or had a group photo taken by the chinese actors .
a turkish girl told xinhua : " i saw such a beautiful chinese dance for the first time .
i hope that all kinds of chinese opera groups will come to turkey to perform , so that our turks will have a better understanding of chinese culture . "
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) mainland residents gradually become major buyers of hong kong chin bank
xinhua news agency , hong kong , january 29 , the head of the administrative department of the hong kong week of the people 's republic of china , guanxi ( hong kong ) , said that the mainland visitors have become the main source of tourists from hong kong .
he said that during the christmas holidays last year , the consumption of domestic customers accounted for three to 40 percent of the total amount of gold in hong kong , becoming a major consumer in the hong kong gold industry .
in early 2002 , the number of mainland visitors coming to hong kong increased significantly after the opening of the travel restrictions for mainland visitors .
last year , during the lunar new year , the labour day , the 11 th golden week and christmas holidays , mainland visitors brought along the retail market in hong kong , especially the high - grade consumer goods market in hong kong .
the relevant authorities in hong kong estimated that about 600,000 mainland visitors will come to hong kong this year , and many businesses , especially high - grade shops , have placed their eyes on how to consolidate and expand the mainland 's passenger market .
the company is expected to increase its sales volume by 5 percent during the spring festival .
in order to meet the needs of mainland visitors , some companies have started to change their operational methods and strategies , and many companies have stepped up their training of staff to learn putonghua , and have introduced courses from time to time to enhance their service attitude and level .
in general , the old card is not allowed to purchase any discounts , but now as long as mainland visitors pay cash , they will be offered preferential treatment to attract more mainland customers .
( international ) cambodian protesters set fire to cambodia
xinhua news agency , phnom penh , january 29 ( reporter lei bethong and zhang ruling ) over 1,000 cambodian people rushed into the thai embassy in cambodia on the evening of the 29 th , setting fire to the thai national flag and vehicles , and setting fire to the embassy building .
cambodia 's police are trying to control the situation and are mobilized to fire several fire trucks .
at present , the cambodian police have no way to confirm whether there are casualties .
the protest started on the morning of the same day , in protest against a thai movie star named surnamed " wu gobi is thailand . "
after that , more and more protesters gathered at the thai embassy in cambodia to burn the tire car , the thai national flag , and the thai female stars , and then the protesters dashed into the embassy .
in addition , suzuki has made a statement to reporters in thailand , denying that he had made such a remark that " the cave is thailand . "
( international ) french military forces send reinforcement in cote d'ivoire
xinhua news agency , paris , january 29 ( reporter wang jingcheng ) french foreign minister de villepin announced at the parliamentary hearing on the 29 th that france had sent military reinforcement troops to cote d'ivoire to ensure the implementation of the peace agreement reached by various parties in cote d'ivoire and the strengthening of french peacekeeping forces .
de villepin did not reveal the number of reinforcement troops .
however , he said , france has taken all necessary measures to ensure the safety of overseas chinese in cote d'ivoire .
he said : with the support of the international community , france will undertake the obligations of supervising the implementation of the peace agreement in cote d'ivoire and make efforts to restore the authority of cote d'ivoire and safeguard its territorial integrity and the implementation of the agreement .
de villepin said that the peace agreement reached by various parties in cote d'ivoire on 24 april " is the most reliable guarantee for realizing peace and national reconciliation in cote d'ivoire . "
in order to promote the implementation of the peace agreement , he has maintained close contacts with president barbuda and other political parties of kuwait .
he said that the three - day flights between abidjan and paris had been resumed on the 29 th .
( international ) nicaragua holds rallies against us war against iraq
xinhua news agency , antigua , january 30 ( reporter yang wenzheng ) several hundred anti - war people held a demonstration and rally in front of the us embassy in nicaragua on the 30 th to strongly oppose the possible us military strikes against iraq .
the organizers of this assembly , the " nicaragua peace promotion association " chairman , made a speech at the meeting , condemning the united states for grabbing iraq and attempting to launch a war of aggression against iraq .
the demonstrators from the capital , melons , vegetables , and other cities held various kinds of placards , loudly shouting slogans such as " do n't america 's war against iraq , want world peace , " and so on , asking the united states to immediately stop all kinds of war preparations .
in a letter to the us embassy , demonstrators said : " let us jointly fight for the future of world peace , freedom , and prosperity , and let us learn to respect others ' rights , and the iraqi issue should be resolved by iraq under the constructive assistance of the international community . "
u.s. consumer spending increases well in 1996
xinhua news agency report of january 31 from washington ( by staff reporter wang zhenhua ) - the us department of commerce released a report on january 31 st , although individual consumption in the united states showed a relatively rapid growth in january last year , the annual growth rate was only the same as the 2001 economic recession .
in the last month of last year , consumer spending in the united states grew by 0.9 percent , the biggest increase since last july .
spending on durable goods increased by 6.1% , while spending on non - durable goods and services grew by 0.2% .
this is a clear indication of the unactive us holiday consumption in the peak season .
in the last quarter of last year , consumer spending , which accounted for about two - thirds of the gdp of the united states , increased by only 1 percent , which was clearly lower than the 4.2 percent growth rate in the third quarter of 1993 , the lowest in the first quarter of 1993 .
economic analysts believe that this is mainly because the united states may launch a war against iraq , a sharp fall in the stock market , and a slowdown in the employment market . this is the most important reason for the sharp slowdown in the us economy in the fourth quarter .
for all of last year , consumer spending in the united states increased by 4.5 percent , the same as in 2001 .
the report said that personal incomes in the united states increased by 0.4 percent in january last year .
for all of last year , personal incomes in the united states increased by 3 percent , which was lower than the 3.3 percent increase in 2001 .
the u.s. savings ratio declined from 4.5 percent in november to 4.1 percent at the end of the year , as the increase in consumer spending was higher than the increase in income .
( international ) palestinian army attacked in cote d'ivoire
xinhua news agency , abidjan , january 31 , a french soldier in cote d'ivoire was attacked by the local protesters at the abidjan airport on the 31 st , and about 800 young cote d'ivoire youths were thrown to the french army soldiers , causing serious injuries to one french army soldier .
since the leaders of west african countries held talks in senegal on the civil war in cote d'ivoire , the situation in cote d'ivoire has escalated .
in cote d'ivoire 's political arena , the respected sydow jones was nominated as the new prime minister at the meeting , and will return to china to set up a coalition government on the 31 st .
however , the " young patriot " organization , which supports cote d'ivoire 's president barbuda , has been displeased with the armed forces in the future , and the minister of national defense and internal affairs .
they accused france of accepting the government 's plan , and claimed that dialla is " the french prime minister , " and threatened to be waiting for the death of tediya .
according to reports , although the runway of the arapache airport have been cleared and cleaned up , hundreds of " young patriot " members are still staying in the waiting hall , and they are ready to resist dialla 's return to china .
the cote d'ivoire civil war lasted for four months and hundreds of people were killed in the conflict .
the french ministry of foreign affairs suggested on the 31 st that 16,000 french nationals residing in cote d'ivoire withdraw as soon as possible .
( international ) canada 's two astronauts fei junshi
xinhua news agency , ottawa , february 3 ( reporter hu guangyao ) according to local media reports on the 3 rd , due to the crash of the us " columbia " space plane , two canadian astronauts will suffer setbacks in may and november this year .
canadian space agency director and the first astronaut in canada said that the us investigation into the " columbia " incident may cause obstruction to the international space station , and some plans may be postponed or even cancelled .
canadian astronauts mclam and williams originally scheduled to take off in may and november this year respectively .
they are now undergoing training in houston .
in canada , three astronauts took part in the space flight mission by the " columbia " in the 2090 s .
snow also revealed that during the " colombia " space science experiment , two of the space scientific research projects were sponsored by canada .
these studies involve the growth of protein , one of which is to be used for the treatment of breast cancer and the other in front - line carbonic cancer .
according to another report , after the crash of the " columbia " , the us space agency immediately shortened the training of a astronauts in canada .
seven astronauts who had received training at the military base in the city of ramallah , canada , have returned to the united states last week .
( international ) us construction spending up markedly in december last year
xinhua news agency report of february 3 from washington ( by staff reporter he young ) - the us department of commerce said in a report on the 3 rd that us construction spending rose by 1.2% in january last year over the same period of last year , and the seasonally adjusted annual rate of 85.3 billion us dollars .
the report said that the seasonally adjusted annual rate of housing construction spending in january was 4.34 billion us dollars , an increase of 2.9 percent over the same period last year .
analysts believe that the low interest rate level is an important factor leading to the strong growth of housing construction .
at present , the us federal reserve is still keeping short - term interest rates stable at 1.2 percent , the lowest in the past 41 years .
however , the contrast between real estate and housing construction is that , after a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 158.6 billion us dollars in january last year , a drop of 1.9 percent over the same period last year .
analysts believe that there are factors of instability in the us economic prospects , and enterprises are unwilling to increase investment in factories and other facilities .
in addition , the worry about terrorist attacks has also adversely affected commercial building activities . although bush signed a terrorist insurance bill in november last year , it is not enough to eliminate the worries of investors .
for the whole year of last year , the growth rate of residential building expenditure in the united states dropped from 2.7% in 2001 to 0.4% , the lowest since 1991 .
( international ) un inspectors found another air chemical warhead in iraq
xinhua news agency report of february 4 from baghdad ( by staff reporter wang bo ) - the un weapons inspection group spokesman said in a press release on the 4 th that the inspectors found another chemical warhead in the spot of the iraq suspicious .
he said that the inspection personnel found the air - to - air chemical warhead in the taji , located in the northern suburbs of baghdad .
the warhead was affixed with a label and was kept in good order .
he said that the warhead is similar to the 12 air - to - chemical warheads found in a military ammunition depot in southern iraq on january 16 .
soon after the inspection personnel found that the chemical warheads were approved , the iraqi side announced that it had discovered four similar warheads in the taji area and handed them to the inspection personnel .
in a report to the security council on 27 january , the chairman of the un inspection , monitoring , and inspection commission , the iraqi government said that the iraqi government should take the initiative to give an account of the chemical warheads in its weapons report , and should not seek the inspection personnel .
on the same day , the inspection personnel also inspected seven locations in the vicinity of baghdad , including a water purification facility , an agricultural chemical factory , two missile factories , and one of the centers used to develop chemical weapons .
the inspection team , located in northern iraq 's northern city of mohammed , inspected a sugar factory and a parent production plant on the 4 th .
the shanghai police confirmed that the two crash victims were turkish men
xinhua news agency report of february 10 from shanghai ( by staff reporter yang jinzhi ) - the shanghai police confirmed that two men , aged 20 in karachi and 19 , were the residents of turkey .
at 10:58 on 23 january , the shanghai municipal public security bureau took the " 110 " report to the police , claiming that an air hijacking incident occurred in shen hong village , an old hong kong town in the south , and two foreign men , from the south to the north , fell from a plane that was ready to land .
after the on - the - spot investigation and investigation work , the shanghai police soon made an assessment and confirmed that the deceased was found to have been in the air from the plane of the fao - 112 , and the result was confirmed by the air .
since then , the shanghai police have conducted cooperation and investigation with the french and turkish consulate general and the police of the above - mentioned two countries .
in early february , according to the information provided by the two deceased 's corpse and the identity card of the turkish police , the shanghai police , after technical comparison , confirmed the fingerprints of the two deceased , and eventually confirmed the true identity of the two deceased .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) macao 's budget surplus 13 percent last year
xinhua news agency , macao , february 10 ( reporter li jie ) according to the news from the macao special administrative region government , macao 's fiscal budget for the year 2002 is good , with a total surplus of 1.7 billion patacas ( about 13 percent of the annual budget ) , which is equivalent to 13 percent of the fiscal budget .
according to sources , the budget for the 2002 macao fiscal year was originally a budget deficit of 8.7 billion macao dollars .
after deducting the surplus in 2001 , the amount of the equator of the macao yuan was also 300 million yuan , which is expected to be used to make up for the year .
however , the special administrative region government has opened up new sources of revenue and the actual income has increased by about 10 percent over the budget , and the actual expenditure is 8 percent less than the budget .
financial secretary ecevit said that the increase in macao 's budget for 2002 was mainly due to the successful opening up of the gambling industry , the telecommunications industry , and the recovery of the real estate industry .
statistics show that the amount of betting duty in 2002 increased significantly over 2001 , and the number of subscribers in the telecommunications industry increased by a large margin , and the property market has become more active , and the number of property transactions has increased by 30 percent .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) macao passed a bill to avoid double taxation
xinhua news agency , macao , february 11 , the macao special administrative region ( sar ) legislative council passed a bill on the 10 th to confer the power of the chief executive of the sar to sign a double taxation agreement .
the so - called " double taxation " refers to the fact that two or more tax jurisdictions are collecting the same or similar tax on the same tax , the same time , and the same tax .
the bill believes that once a double taxation situation occurs in macao , the chief executive of the hong kong special administrative region ( sar ) has the right to take necessary measures to standardize the inter - regional agreement on the avoidance of double taxation .
the legislative council members , who are responsible for examining the " international or regional taxation system " bill , said that the trend of global economic integration is becoming more and more obvious , and the tax system must keep pace with it as soon as possible . otherwise , it will restrict the flow of funds , goods , and personnel .
the signing of the agreement on the avoidance of double taxation between macao and other regions is conducive to the attraction of macao 's foreign capital , and is also conducive to macao 's foreign investment , and is an important link in promoting economic development .
according to sources , there are already two agreements between macao and portugal on the avoidance of double taxation and the signing of agreements with the mainland . it is expected that an agreement can be reached in the middle of this year .
( fax from hometown of overseas chinese ) quanzhou becomes " china 's production base for japanese goods "
xinhua news agency report of february 12 from fuzhou ( by staff reporter wang zhongkang ) - quanzhou , a region with a relatively fast development of china 's private economy , has recently become a " china 's daily production base for the production of goods , " and the relevant departments have recently held a grand ceremony to give the cards and the ceremony .
the title of the " china daily production base " is the province 's new town , and a new town of the former national hero zheng chenggong , the central part of the nanan city , and the coastal economic development zone in southern fujian .
the town was founded in 1999 , with a total area of 61 square kilometers , 11 administrative villages , 450,000 people , and more than 20,000 overseas chinese and hong kong , macao , and taiwan compatriots .
the province has now formed a complete industrial chain with the focus on the development of the japanese - made products industry .
there are more than 70 japanese - funded enterprises in the whole town , with fixed assets reaching more than 300 million yuan , and more than 10,000 people are engaged in the production and sales of daily goods , with an annual export volume of nearly 200 million yuan .
the main products include a variety of plastic bags , color bags , and the plastic bags , and the food products and the health care of women , such as a meal , a plastic bag , and a plastic bag , and the children 's outdoor products , and several hundred products , including the united states , canada , europe , and southeast asia .
in 2002 , the output value of the industrial and commercial industry of this town reached 5.04 billion yuan , accounting for 70 percent of the total industrial output value of the whole town , and the industrial and commercial tax revenue totaled 140.08 million yuan , accounting for 67.1 percent of the total amount of tax paid by the whole town .
( international ) france makes recommendations to the security council on strengthening inspections on iraq
xinhua news agency , united nations , february 11 ( reporter guo lijun ) - the french permanent mission to the united nations on the 11 th issued a proposal on strengthening the inspection of iraqi weapons to the security council members .
france has proposed to double the official personnel to carry out weapons inspections in iraq in the near future , and will gradually increase the number of inspectors and eventually reach three times .
at present , there are about 110 formal inspectors in iraq .
france also suggested that the united states step up air reconnaissance or use the un security forces to ensure the " freeze " of suspicious locations in iraq , and use mobile customs inspection teams to step up inspection of iraqi goods .
france also suggested that a new intelligence agency in new york be responsible for coordinating the operations of various countries to the united nations monitoring , inspection and inspection commission and the international atomic energy agency .
it demanded that the two organizations take the importance of the disarmament task of iraq , which has yet to be completed .
in iraq , arrangements are being made to communicate with iraqi officials daily .
france distributed its proposal in the form of " non - document . "
france and russia have expressed their views in this form during the consultations on the 1441 resolution .
according to the relevant provisions of the security council , the official sex of this " non - document " is weak in the draft resolution , but it can be upgraded to a draft at any time under the request of the country .
according to diplomatic sources here , the content of the french proposal did not exceed the content of the speech made by us secretary of state colin powell on five days after listening to us secretary of state colin powell 's intelligence briefing . this " non - document " is a summary and training of france 's stand on the iraqi inspection issue at the request of some member states of the security council .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) mainland tourists have strong consumption capability in macao
xinhua news agency , macao , february 14 ( reporter li jie ) in recent years , the number of mainland tourists coming to macao has not only increased , but also increased the consumption power .
according to the official statistics released by the macao special administrative region ( sar ) government , in the fourth quarter of last year , foreign tourists spent 4.7 billion patacas ( about 33.3 million u.s. dollars ) in the macao special administrative region ( sar ) .
since the mainland relaxed its foreign tourism policy last year , the number of mainland tourists taking part in " visiting hong kong and macao " and " overseas visits " outside hong kong and macao has increased rapidly .
of the 1.553 million tourists received last year , 42.4 million were from the mainland , and the number of tourists coming to macao for the first time in the fourth quarter of last year has exceeded the number of tourists from hong kong and macao .
although these tourists stayed in macao for only 28 hours , their average per capita spending reached 2560 patacas ( 64% ) , an average of 64% higher than the average of tourists in various places .
the analysis shows that jewellery , watches and clothing materials are the most popular commodities purchased by tourists from all over the world , accounting for 27 percent and 23 percent of their consumption in australia .
of the non - shopping consumption , the average spending on consumer goods , including betting , is $ 837 per person , and the eating and accommodation are two main items , accounting for 41% and 36% .
( international ) research finds obstacles to early production
xinhua news agency report of february 15 th from washington ( by staff reporter li wei ) - the general intellectual development is slow in the early years of the production , and it is easy to encounter obstacles to study .
researchers at yale university in the united states recently found that with the growth of age , this study obstacle can be overcome .
the study has confirmed that the nerve system , which has less than 1,500 grams of early birth , is easy to have problems , of which 50 percent are special assistant when the children go to school .
although many experiments showed that animals were able to resume their brain damage in the early days , they had never seen any relevant reports about the recovery of brain damage .
according to reports by the media here , the research personnel of yale university have been tracking and observing 300 early - stage production , and conducted the tests of the intellectual property of the three , four , six , and eight years old . they have found that the majority of the people have been moving along with the passage of time , and their ability to learn has been constantly improved .
the test said that early - stage production of the three - year - old " intellectual obstacles " was included in the examination of language understanding and intellectual property rights in five years .
however , 23 percent of the babies have left serious brain damage due to brain damage , and the situation of intellectual development has not changed .
researchers said that one of the key factors in the early development of intellectual resources lies in the family environment .
the results of the tests were higher than those of the children 's intellectual property , who had received tertiary education from the family and the mother .
japanese investment development network in shenyang by bell
xinhua news agency report of february 16 from shenyang ( by staff reporter shi qingwei ) - the japanese bell network corporation recently signed an agreement with the management committee of the shenyang city new area to set up a joint venture enterprise , planning to invest 3 billion yen in the development of soft and hard - looking networks in the new south area .
according to sources , the first phase of this joint venture project will be completed between april 2003 and march 2005 , and by 2005 , the number of enterprise staff will reach 3,000 , and it will become an important base for the development of soft and hard telephone networks in northern china .
according to the experts concerned , china 's viewing network technology is still in the development stage , while japan 's bell network corporation is in the world 's leading position in this field , and the project has a good prospect for development in china .
the japan bell network corporation was founded in 1989 . it was a new japanese company that mainly engaged in the development of computer network hardware , production , and network communications services . last year , it was sold to 12.4 billion yen .
shenyang city , liaoning province is an economic center in northeast china .
wang likun , vice mayor of shenyang city , said that the development of the south - south new area is an important technology industrial base in north china . at present , more and more foreign countries have settled down in the south .
( international ) chile , china sign mou on the implementation of animals and plants
xinhua news agency , santiago , february 17 ( reporter hou yaobang ) - the state administration of quality inspection of china and the chilean ministry of agriculture signed a memorandum of understanding on the implementation of health and plant health measures here on the 17 th .
under the memorandum , the two sides will formulate the requirements for the entry and exit of animals and plants , as well as the world organisation for animal health , the " international convention on the protection of plants " and the codex , and the inspection and quarantine of the animals and plants .
according to the mou , the two sides should strictly abide by the inspection and quarantine requirements signed by the two countries , implement the inspection and quarantine work on the import and export of animals and plants , animal and plant products , and food , and strengthen market access for animals and plants and food on a scientific basis , and carry out the inspection and quarantine of the above - mentioned products .
the mou was signed by ge zhirong , deputy director of the state administration of quality inspection and the state administration of chile , and the acting director of the chilean ministry of agriculture .
euro zone 's trade surplus up to 102.3 billion euros last year
xinhua news agency , brussels , february 19 ( reporter feng jian ) the latest statistics released by the european union ( eu ) statistics bureau on the 19th showed that the euro zone 's foreign trade surplus was 102.3 billion euros in 2002 , an increase of more than double the previous year .
the report showed that the trade surplus of the euro zone in 2001 was 49.5 billion euros .
last year , the trade surplus of the 15 eu countries was 6.1 billion euros .
the report said that the sharp decline in imports was mainly due to the growth in the trade surplus .
according to statistics , compared with 2001 , the euro zone and the eu 's overall imports decreased by 4 percent , while exports increased by 1 percent .
in the first 11 months of 2002 , imports from japan and the united states declined by 12 percent and 11 percent respectively , while exports to japan and switzerland declined by 6 percent .
among the eu member states , the biggest trade surplus was germany , with a trade surplus of 117.9 billion euros , while britain was the biggest trade deficit in the eu member states .
the number of financial cases in shanghai and zhejiang decreased to the lowest point in 13 years .
xinhua news agency report of february 20 from shanghai ( by staff reporter wang hongyang ) - the number of financial cases in the second provinces and municipalities of shanghai and zhejiang , which are located in the forefront of china 's financial and trade center and financial reform and opening up , decreased by 44.4 percent over the previous year , and the number of cases involved in the case decreased by 22.8 percent and the number of cases decreased to the lowest point in 13 years .
according to the latest news from the shanghai branch of the people 's bank of china , in recent years , the financial sector in various localities in shanghai and zhejiang have comprehensively improved the investigation and prevention system of financial cases , effectively checked the trend of the high occurrence of financial violations and law - breaking cases , and brought about a good situation in which the number of cases involved in the case , the amount of money involved , and the number of major cases in the past .
statistics show that compared with the previous year , the number of financial cases in the two provinces and municipalities decreased by 22.9 percent and 35.4 percent respectively in 1999 , and the amount involved in the case decreased by 41% and 11.2 percent respectively , and the amount of money involved in the case decreased by 35.4 percent in 2001 .
it has been learned that various localities in shanghai and zhejiang have established five cases of " investigating , educating , reform , and supervision " that are in line with the characteristics of the local financial industry . at the same time , they have also coordinated with various banking , insurance , and securities companies ' internal business functions , supervision departments , and local judicial organs to form a network for preventing the socialization of financial cases .
( international ) eu to suspend imports of paraguay beef
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 20 ( reporter shen an ) - the european union ( eu ) has decided to suspend the import of paraguay beef due to the existence of the foot - and - mouth disease in paraguay on the 20 th .
according to paraguay media reports , paraguay paraguay 's minister of agriculture and animal husbandry , announced the eu 's decision at the meeting on the 19 th .
in early february , the inspection group of the european commission 's food and veterinary office submitted a report on the inspection of paraguay , saying that the measures taken by paraguay in the control of the foot - and - mouth disease are still not enough , and there are " serious problems " in the control and inspection system , whether in terms of health control , professional and technical level , and the system of export certificates are not in line with the eu 's requirements .
paraguay is the first case of foot - and - mouth disease in october last year , and after that , with the help of other members of the south common market , it has adopted preventive and control measures .
paraguay exported 60,000 tons of beef each year , mainly export brazil and chile .
these countries have ceased to import paraguay beef .
from january to october last year , the eu imported 567 tons of beef from paraguay .
( international ) austrian researchers find spillage stem cells leading to chronic diseases
xinhua news agency , vienna , february 20 ( reporter lin chuan ) - the researchers of the austrian university of vienna found a group of nerve stem cells with a long memory of the human backbone , and these stem cells were strongly excited , and this has taken another step forward in looking for chronic diseases .
chronic diseases are extremely sensitive to the pain of the patients , and they must finally have to bear hardships and pain in their daily life .
so far , however , people have almost no idea about the cause of illness .
according to a report by the austrian news agency , the research group , led by the director of the nerve of the vienna university 's brain research institute , found that some backbone stem cells did not perform in the normal circumstances , and that they would be very excited when they were inspired by the pain .
the pain has been strong enough , and the reaction has been enhanced .
however , different from other nerve cells , this group of backbone stem cells has become too sensitive to the pain of the pain , and even if the pain is not trivial , it will be greatly stimulated .
scientific research personnel also found that there is a special channel in the bone marrow , and when the stem cells are stimulated , they will be opened , and the calcium will be further triggered by chain reaction .
sanjiu believes that the reason why the chronic illness has been a minor pain , and that this kind of nerve cell in the bone marrow has a long memory and has preserved the " pain signs . "
he said that this discovery could guide people to find ways to eliminate this memory .
china 's consumer price rises in january
xinhua news agency report of february 21 from beijing ( by staff reporter liu dongkai ) - the state statistical bureau 's monthly situation report on the 21 st showed that the overall level of consumer prices in january rose 0.4 percent over the same period last year , the first increase in the past 12 months , against the background of a continuous decline in the past 12 months .
the national bureau of statistics said that the increase in the overall consumer price level was mainly due to the difference between the spring festival of january and february last year , and the peak period of the spring festival in february and the spring festival , so there was a certain amount of uncertainties .
another reason was that the weather was cold this year than last year .
of the 31 provinces , municipalities , and autonomous regions that were investigated , the overall level of consumer prices of 22 residents increased as compared with the same period of last year , and the remaining seven declined compared with the same period last year .
statistics show that among various types of consumer goods , the prices of consumer goods and services such as vegetables , fruits , and cultural entertainment have increased , while the prices of grain , clothing , durable , and other consumer goods have been falling for a long time .
the increase in gasoline and diesel oil prices has driven the liquefied petroleum gas price to continue to rise .
china publishes first chinese middle and primary school education tv series
xinhua news agency report of february 21 from haikou ( by staff reporter zhang chuanzhao and liu wei ) - - - - china 's first " middle and primary school education knowledge lecture " tv series , which was broadcast in haikou a few days ago , has evoked strong repercussions among teachers and students .
the sex education series , which was published by the hainan provincial electronic audio and video publishing house , is divided into a small , medium , and high - grade edition .
according to the knowledge of sex at different stages of age , it has been introduced in a gradual and orderly manner , including special topics such as the youth spring period , pregnant women , child protection , aids protection , and sexes , and has answered questions in the children 's hearts .
on the first of its kind held at the zhenfa school in hainan province , more than 100 primary and middle school students seriously watched and had a silence .
in the beginning , many girls only looked low and did not raise their heads and later gradually watched the picture .
lai ruxing , president of the school , said that the school needs such sex education materials , and it has resolved the embarrassment of teachers and students .
the appearance of this set of lines has also been affirmed by relevant departments .
in november 2002 , the " lecture on the knowledge of the middle and primary school education " was awarded the 10 th china population and culture award presented by the state family planning commission and the china population and culture promotion association .
chinese citizens to malta for tourism to begin in late march
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 22 ( reporter qian chunzheng ) - the chinese citizen 's delegation to malta will leave for malta on march 28 .
chinese tourists can make a leap forward in the travel of the two continents in 10 days .
at that time , tourists can take off from beijing by boarding the flights of the egyptian airline , playing five days in cairo , and flying to malta .
it is estimated that the regiment will pay about 16,000 yuan in 10 days .
malta is located in southern europe and is approaching italy .
the beautiful scenery of the blue sea and the blue sky , as well as the warmth of the geodetic climate , have made it a famous tourist destination in the world .
egypt is one of the four great civilizations in the world , and it has a long history to attract tourists from all over the world .
malta became the first chinese citizen to travel in europe in 2001 , and egypt became the first chinese citizen to travel by himself .
egypt 's first direct flight route from cairo to beijing was officially opened in january this year .
the delegation is jointly launched by the malta national tourism administration , the egyptian tourism administration , and the guangzhou international travel service .
( international ) the united states calls on iraq to start destroying " sabri " missiles within a week
xinhua news agency , united nations , february 22 , according to a report by the media here on the 22 nd , the chairman of the united nations monitoring , inspection , and inspection commission ( supervision committee ) , hanley , chairman of the un monitoring , inspection , and inspection commission , has already made an ultimatum to iraq , asking iraq to start destroying its " saber " missile in a week .
the spokesman for the control yuan , the spokesman for the nuclear news agency , said that the cox had already issued an ultimatum to iraq 's permanent representative to the united nations , asking iraq to start to destroy this kind of illegal weapon before 1 march .
an ultimatum has been submitted to the un security council .
according to the experts concerned , this ultimatum made the iraqi president saddam is facing a difficult situation in which he is facing .
the destruction of these missiles will result in iraq 's loss of important weapons of defense against the united states , and the refusal of the nuclear regulatory commission 's request will enable the united states and britain to take military action against iraq under the pretext of the united states and britain .
in his second report on the iraqi weapons inspection report submitted to the un security council on 14 april , the chief secretary - general of the international atomic energy agency , elbaradei , said that the missile range of the " sabri " missile has exceeded 150 km and has violated the relevant resolutions of the security council .
( international ) the president stressed that he would try to prevent chechen 's illegal armed forces from entering the pan - pearl river valley
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 24 ( reporter dong longjiang ) - in his speech on the 24th in georgia 's state radio station , georgia 's president shevardnadze stressed that the most important task of the government of georgia is to prevent and completely stop the chechen illegal armed elements from sneaking into the pan - pearl river valley .
shevardnadze said : during the special operation conducted by georgia 's interior troops , police units , security departments , and the ministry of national defense in the autumn last year , the foreign armed forces , which had sneaked into the pan - hexi valley , have been able to remove some illegal armed elements who have been hiding in the bashexi valley in the capacity of refugees .
shevardnadze said that georgia 's strong departments are capable of discovering these illegal armed elements .
at the same time , he also announced that strong departments will continue to take action to crack down on illegal armed forces in the panxi valley in the near future .
in his speech , shevardnadze stressed the importance of cooperation and exchange of intelligence between russia and the united states on this issue .
the border between the two countries is located in georgia and russia in the region of chechnya .
russia believes that georgia is hiding a large number of chechen rebels and accused them of providing asylum .
last year , the relations between russia and georgia were tense for a time due to the pan gexi valley issue .
( international ) u . s . and britain 's proposal to attack iraq has led to a new york stock market rebound
xinhua news agency , new york , february 24 , as the united states and britain insist on submitting a new proposal to the un security council on military strikes against iraq , investors are worried that the three major indexes of the new york stock market had fallen sharply on february 24 and set a new record high since january 30 .
in addition , the latest us retail sales report showed that retail sales in the united states were not optimistic in february , thus further cracking down on investors ' confidence .
the dow jones industrial average closed down 15.87 at 7,58.24 , down 26.64 points , and the technology heavy nasdaq composite index was down 322.38 points , down 15.59 points , and the standard & amp ;
the nyse composite index and the russell 2000 index of smaller companies fell sharply but the russell 2000 index of smaller companies rose sharply .
the nyse volume fell to 15.3 billion shares from 17.1 billion in the previous session .
china red cross society collects donations to xinjiang quake - hit areas
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 25 ( reporter wu jing ) - the china red cross society opened its telephone and donations on the 25 th to appeal to all sectors of the society at home and abroad to help the xinjiang compatriots who were hit by the earthquake on the 24 th .
china red cross society donated 010-651399 ( 24 hours on duty )
account number : china industrial and commercial bank of china 2000010-14-52 sub - division
the chinese red cross society urgently dispatched 250,000 yuan to the xinjiang disaster area after the quake on the 24th , and dispatched a disaster relief team to the disaster areas on the 25 th .
on the 24 th , an earthquake measuring 6.8 degrees occurred in the southern part of the xinjiang uygur autonomous region .
the number of deaths in the early morning of the 25 th has increased to 261 , and the number of serious injuries was 2050 , and the number of housing collapsed was 861 .
at present , the temperature in the disaster areas is about minus 2 degrees celsius , and the disaster victims are urgently required to food and meet the temperature .
brazilian risk index down
xinhua news agency , brasilia , february 27 , ( reporter yang limin ) the brazilian national risk index dropped to 1,191 points on the 27 th , a decrease of 2.37 percent over the previous day .
this was the first time in eight months since the financial turmoil broke out in brazil in june last year , the index dropped to below 1,200 points .
at the same time , the bond issue in the international market rose 0.42 percent to 74% .
this is also the best record in eight months .
the national risk index is closely related to the bond price , the higher the index , and the lower the bond price .
last year , the brazilian national risk index exceeded 2,400 points , and the bond price dropped to 48% in value .
since the new government took office this year , the country 's risk index has continued to drop .
foreign investors believe that brazil 's bond price is low , and the demand for the bonds has increased by a big margin , which has led to a sharp decline in the risk index of brazil .
however , analysts pointed out that despite the current favorable situation of international investors in brazil 's bonds , if the us - iraq war breaks out , the national risk index may rise again and the bond prices will fall again .
