white house asks north korea to close nuclear reactors
the white house today called for sending nuclear inspectors to supervise north korea 's nuclear reactors and the white house made the appeal after a telephone conversation with south korean president roh moo - hyun .
" the two leaders discussed the latest development of the us - south korean nuclear cooperation , and hoped that iaea inspectors would soon return to north korea to monitor the operation and closure of the north korean nuclear reactors , " a white house national security council spokesman said .
straw said that the two presidents also welcomed the agreement on the free trade between the united states and the republic of korea ( rok ) , which was signed yesterday , and would strive to ensure the approval of the agreement between the two parliaments .
experts believe that pyongyang 's plutonium factor , which has been produced in the past 20 years , is sufficient to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
us special envoy hill said after his visit to pyongyang last week that he expected the yongbyon nuclear reactors to be closed in mid - july .
43 killed in heavy rain disaster in western india
the western part of india was hit by strong wind and rainstorm during the weekend , and some areas were seriously flooding , and the entire route of the great western city of the country was closed at home and abroad .
rescue officials said today that the total number of people killed 43 .
from june to september each year , the strong wind and rain brought about by the strong wind and rain , causing a state of 1.1 billion people in india , and even causing casualties .
half of the victims were drowned by the floods , while others were killed by collapsed houses or electric wires .
the indian financial center mumbai was also affected .
in only 29 to 30 days , the rainfall was 243 centimeters .
the chief executive of bangladesh , barzabi , said that the city alone had 13 lives .
the city government officials called on the 15 million people not to go out to defend their own safety before the rainy season .
in most areas of mengla , a little rain passed yesterday , but the flood continues to flood water everywhere today .
nearly 500 dead in indian rainy season
according to official and media reports , the number of deaths caused by the rainy season in india has risen to 474 this year .
the " indian news agency " quoted the government chief in charge of disaster relief and reconstruction as saying today that in the past week , various provinces in india have successively entered the rainy season , and the casualties and economic losses have been heavy , and the number of mahathir , the first largest city in india , has reached 358 .
the report pointed out that cardan made the above remarks to the media during his inspection tour in bombay .
he said : at the same time , mahathir , the largest cotton area in india , is a piece of water in the whole region , including 27 cities and about 1,000 villages , and more than 10,000 victims have been moved to safety .
since the whole border of india entered the rainy season one week ago , the residents of all provinces have been greeted with heavy rain , but they have been in a state of the precipitation , and they have been in a state of the precipitation .
the davis cup finals in washington d . c .
in the final of the four - strong competition , the spanish national champion of the men 's singles competition , the final winner of the competition , and the final winner of the group of the french open - ended in the final of the world cup in switzerland .
in the 16 - strong competition and the eight - strong competition , qiao called on the security guards to be wounded by a tooth relic , and called on the security guards to take care of the damage and to decide to give up the game .
the fourth seed , gyanovic , passed the test with the original second seed nazdral of 3 - 6 , 6 - 1 , 4 - 1 , 4 - 1 .
in addition to being too slow in the early days of the game , nazis lost the first - hand in the second - and third - class battle .
satellite image shows iran 's tunnel is afraid of nuclear equipment protection
the commercial satellite image showed that a mountain excavation tunnel near the uranium enrichment facility in the area of uranium enrichment in the united states might be for the sake of protecting nuclear equipment in the event of air strikes , a us think tank science and international security research institute reported today .
the images were taken on june 11 by the us digital earth ( gmbis ) company and published on the website of the institute of science and international security .
the institute is based in washington , dc , a non - profit research group .
the video shows that in the south of the natanz facilities only 2.4 kilometers , the road works are being carried out along the mountain path and the facilities are a uranium enrichment factory .
analysts blatter and bride pointed out in a report that the tunnel entrance in the tunnel was not clear , but " one of the roads seemed to be linked to one of the tunnel facilities , and the other road may also be the tunnel 's access to the tunnel . "
they said : " such a tunnel in the mountain will play an excellent role in protecting the tunnel facilities . "
un envoy holds nuclear talks with iranian fm
the united nations international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) today held talks with iranian officials in tehran to once again try to resolve the deadlock over iran 's nuclear program .
however , iranian president ahmadinejad is still firmly opposed to the further un sanctions .
ahmadinejad insisted that iran would not stop uranium enrichment work , but welcomed the latest talks .
he said : " the trend of installation of the centrifugal force can slow down or accelerate . this is an issue of implementation , but no one should expect us to give up our rights , and we will not stop this direction . "
he made the above remark after arriving in tehran in haining .
the purpose of haining 's visit is to formulate a set of plans to resolve the " outstanding issues " triggered by iran 's nuclear program .
the united nations has imposed two sanctions on iran because tehran has failed to freeze uranium enrichment work .
the iranian news agency reported that haining and the iranian national security council are responsible for the talks between officials led by the president of the international affairs commission .
iran 's talks group also include vice - president of the atomic energy organization ( iaea ) , and ambassador to the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) .
palestinian prime minister goran persson will hold a new government in emergency period "
palestinian authority , in a one - month emergency state of the gaza strip after hamas took over the occupation of the gaza strip , prime minister yadema was temporarily asked to resign , but he was immediately responsible for the establishment of a new government . "
the minister of agriculture and social affairs , the minister of agriculture and social affairs , told afp : " the prime minister of the french republic has presented a resignation to president abbas , and the president has also asked him to form a new government responsible for the handling of daily administration . "
abbas 's trusted followers told afp that vajpayee 's resignation had been ordered by the abbas to " carry out his current duties until he was formed to form a new government . "
the fact that the economic scholars who have been respected have tendered their resignation is only the preface of cheng kejie 's resignation and will not waver in his position as prime minister .
the palestinian emergency cabinet , led by the palestinian authority , has been responsible for implementing the emergency order of abbas after the violent attacks against gaza strip last month .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , the state of emergency cannot exceed 30 days without the approval of the parliament , but the autonomous parliament is now paralyzed .
the authorization of the emergency government has expired today .
doha negotiations to break new round of wto talks
the world trade organization ( wto ) today proposed a big reduction in agricultural subsidies and a big reduction in the import tariff for industrial products to break the deadlock in the doha round .
the official said : the new " draft " model calls on the united states to reduce its annual agricultural subsidies from $ 190 billion to $ 16.2 billion , and the state will reduce the import tariff on industrial products to below 23 percent .
these proposals aim to break the deadlock in the doha round over the past six years and to facilitate a compromise of 150 wto members .
wto secretary - general lamy said that these proposals were " a fair and reasonable basis for achieving a lofty goal , balanced development , and the agreement . "
lamy said : " the member states are not completely satisfied with the contents of the proposal , but the problem of the differences is less than the issue of reaching a consensus . "
he called for intensive negotiations in the next few weeks .
strong earthquake affects production of japanese - made automobiles or production stoppage in japan
japan 's auto industry was hit by a strong earthquake that caused a shortage of spare parts , and toyota and nissan said today that they would cut production and even suspend production in the country .
the day before yesterday , japan was hit by an earthquake of 6.8 percent on the richter scale , and the auto parts manufacturers ' research company was forced to suspend the operation of factories in the northwest of tokyo , which had affected the production of the depot .
a spokesman for toyota , the world 's best selling company , said that toyota 's production will be suspended from tonight to 21 february .
nissan , a spokesman for nissan , said that from the day after tomorrow , two of the three japanese factories would be suspended from the day after the day , and would be reevaluated the situation .
he said : the two factories have two production lines , one of which will be affected , but the company may increase its production capacity next month to make up for the backward production progress .
suzuki said that starting tomorrow , japan 's volkswagen will suspend some of its production and launch a program of the ubc , and will also suspend production of small cars and assess the situation on the 21 st .
honda said that it may suspend the operation of some of the production lines of rely on spare parts next week .
the earthquake killed at least 10 people , injured more than 1,000 people , and collapsed several hundred houses , and forced the factories in the disaster areas to stop .
indonesia to abolish purchase of brand - name environmental protection bag
the agent said today that in view of the upsurge of the purchase in hong kong earlier this month , indonesia had cancelled the sale of famous brands of famous brands .
the well - known shop owner of the " the bocom " in the high - consumption district of indonesia said : " in view of the incident in hong kong , we have cancelled our environmental protection bags .
if the people are fighting a bag with a total of 140,000 yuan ( about nt $ 494 ) , it will not have that value . "
thousands of hong kong people gathered outside the sale shop on the 6 th . they were preparing to buy a large amount of environmental protection bags , which were designed by the british design company , and the " i was not a plastic bag , " but the shop owner refused to open the door and the scene was out of control .
the money is trying to replace the plastic bags with environmental protection , but it has become a popular target in london and new york . the price of the auction website ebay has risen to several times the price of the price .
the only thing that indonesia has been authorized to sell the " dots " said that it is not sure whether or not it will be sold a few days later .
south korea and taliban hold direct talks on hostage crisis
the taliban forces in afghanistan kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set a deadline for sunday to withdraw troops from afghanistan , or else they will kill the hostages .
south korean officials today held talks with the taliban for the first time as the situation has elapsed for a second time .
however , the taliban said at the same time that another german hostage who was kidnapped was very weak and began to be in an unconscious state and lost consciousness .
the taliban called on germany and south korea to withdraw their troops from afghanistan and requested them to exchange for 33 guerrillas sentenced by the afghan government .
" we have made direct contact with the south korean representatives through the tribal , the taliban spokesman said in a telephone interview with afp .
" we hope that the talks can produce results . "
the taliban 's local time was fixed at 10 : 30 pm ( 1030 gmt ) as a deadline for killing south korean hostages .
the guerrillas have been delayed twice .
sea disputes difficult to reach consensus on military talks between the two koreas
since the three - day high - level military talks between the south and the north korea were divided into each other in the sea area , the talks between the top leaders of the two koreas have been unpleasant today .
at the talks in the panmunjon shop in the border city , north korea 's chief representative kim il - chol ( translator ) said : " we will make a conclusion and no longer need the talks that have no results . "
kim il - chol , who has been in the red and the face , criticized south korea for deliberately evading the definition of a new sea area to replace the discussion of the original " northern limit line . "
he pointed out that the " northern limit line " is not legal .
the " north limit line " in the yellow sea , which was defined by the us military after the end of the 1953 korean war , has become the focus of controversy between the two koreas , and north korea has refused to recognize it .
north korea said that the intrusion of south korean warships into the waters was caused by tensions , and south korea claimed that the allegations were groundless .
the clash broke out in the local waters in june 1999 , killing dozens of north korean crew members .
similar conflicts broke out in june 2002 , and six south korean people were unfortunately killed .
us treasury secretary arrives in china for environmental protection visit
us secretary of treasury boucher arrived in china yesterday for a visit to china , and the united states is making all - out efforts to persuade china to further carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the renminbi exchange rate , which is of great concern .
us diplomatic personnel said that powell visited the west city of qinghai , the capital of the northwest province of china first .
china has implemented a series of environmental protection plans in the vicinity of the largest salt lake in qinghai province .
boutefliken today left beijing to discuss with chinese officials the " us - china strategic and economic dialogue " process , which was initiated last year .
the main topic of the us - china strategic and economic dialogue is economic and environmental protection , and the most important issue is the renminbi exchange rate , and the us congressmen believe that the renminbi value is excessively underestimated .
the trade deficit between the united states and china is rapidly increasing , and the pressure within the united states is gradually increasing . us congressmen are prepared to take retaliatory actions to oppose their so - called china unfair trade policy .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill urging the ministry of finance to accept the list of countries that " have a fundamental error " of the currency exchange rate , thus opening the door to the potential economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that under the underestimation of the renminbi , the price of china 's goods sold to the united states was very cheap , and the us - china trade balance was aggravated . last year , the us trade deficit with china reached $ 23.5 billion .
mclaudio insisted that the chelsea would leave the chelsea 60 years old and withdraw completely from the game .
since the beginning of the season , malija has been the subject of the media explosion in the chelsea in the early season . however , as in the past , the people of angola have emphasized once again that he will stay in london in this summer .
" some newspapers have listed the 14 new chiefs of the chelsea , the 14 th chelsea , but i will stay in the chelsea , " mcclellan said in irony .
malija reiterated that he hoped that the portuguese football association would be able to stand at the top of the cosmos on the 1 st , " i really want to teach the national team , and i believe that the portuguese football association will have a day , and i also hope that i will be the head of the national team . "
however , the 44 - year - old malio did not intend to make a contribution to the football . he said that he would retire before the age of 60 , and he did not imagine that northerly norbu and frei would be a rare one in the year .
" i have made a promise to my wife , and i will not be like norbu lingson and i have been teaching to 70 years old . "
malija said frankly : " when i was 60 , i would like to have a complete bid to bid farewell to the heavens .
there are too many things that i cannot do now waiting for me to do . "
" i do n't want to be a soccer advisor or a technical director , for example , balady or samsun .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do n't want to become the chairman of a club , but i just want to bid farewell to the football . "
( qi liang )
the trial of the case of the " black zhun village " case involving wang shengli from hongdong village , shanxi province began trial ( picture )
chinanews , july 4 - with the attention of the people in the society , the first trial of the first instance of the people 's court in linfen city , shanxi province , this morning tried the case of wang shengli , a " black zhuping village " in the dongsheng county of the shanxi province .
many media in china are paying attention to the progress of this case .
due to the relatively cautious local departments concerned , some reporters were unable to go to the scene to gather news .
at present , the court is still in progress .
according to a worker of the execution court of the linfen city intermediate court , if the court is smooth , it is estimated that the trial will be concluded on that day .
however , it is still unknown whether or not the case can be pronounced in court .
at about 9 : 00 am , some reporters noticed the scenes outside the entrance of the linfen city intermediate court , and passers - by were calm and exchanged as usual .
perhaps , they felt that they were carrying out court proceedings in the court .
" when the time comes , i believe that the law is just . "
a senior citizen who passed this road raised his head and looked forward to the national embankment .
prior to this , the source in hongdong county confirmed that wang dongyan , the father of the emperor 's armed forces and former secretary of the cao shengzu village party branch , had been dismissed from his post as a deputy to the county people 's congress in accordance with the law .
before this , wang dongyan was dismissed from his post as secretary of the village party branch and expelled from the party because he was suspected of violating discipline in the case of the " gangster . "
the incident caused by the incident of the black bricks ' slave in shanxi , which was caused by the incident of wang soldiers , has caused concern at home and abroad , and the high - level leaders of the central authorities have issued instructions to strictly investigate the case .
dprk , rok reach agreement on developing light industry and underground resources
chinanews , july 8 .
the democratic people 's republic of korea ( dprk ) and the republic of korea ( rok ) reached an agreement on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with raw materials for the production of garments and other light industry products .
according to a report by japan , the rok and the dprk held consultations on cooperation in the fields of light industry and underground resources development in the three days , and reached an agreement .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with the production of garments , shoes , and soap , with a total value of 9.8 billion yen .
in this regard , the dprk will accord the right to develop three mines in the country to the rok .
the rok government will transport the first batch of 500 tons of contract materials from the sichuan port in the western part of the country on july 25 .
according to the plan , starting from 28 july , the rok and the dprk jointly conducted an investigation into the mining area in the east of the dprk .
the rok government started its aid program at the end of last month to provide 400,000 tons of rice for the dprk .
after the dprk expressed its willingness to actively implement the agreement on closing down nuclear facilities and other six other agreements , economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has become more active .
the lanzhou jiaotong price bureau explained that the price of milk is only too high because of a sharp increase in the price
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 .
this afternoon , the lanzhou city material and price bureau invited relevant departments to hold a forum on the restrictions on the price of meat .
it was learned at the press conference that the maximum price of a paper jointly issued by the city 's material price bureau was mainly due to the excessive price increase in the turbine , which was higher than the overall residents ' ability to endure .
it has been learned that the price increase in the price of the bull was as high as 20 percent , and statistics show that this was the first time since the beginning of the 1980 s that the price of the bull in lanzhou was the lowest and the largest increase in the price .
" the behavior of the government is to take into account the economic ability of ordinary residents in the region , and we have to put the highest price on the basis of a cost survey , " said the director of the lanzhou city material price bureau .
on 26 april , the lanzhou city material price bureau , the industrial and commercial administration bureau , and the health bureau jointly imposed the highest price on the market 's milk price , which has aroused strong concern .
it has been learned that the forum is aimed at extensively listening to the views of various sectors and soliciting opinions and suggestions on the specific management methods for the next step , and it has been disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the second news conference in lanzhou city on the rise of the price of milk .
china 's ministry of civil affairs punished for regional development : 3 months of activities
chinanews , july 11 - according to the ministry of civil affairs 's website , the ministry of civil affairs issued an administrative punishment for china 's regional development promotion association for three months on july 9 .
the penalty order shows that the china regional development promotion association has the following illegal acts : first , it is necessary to levy the fee on arrears , and second , to collect other fees from non - member units .
according to the investigation , between june 2005 and february 2007 , the fee for each member of the association was $ 21,000 per year , and from june 2005 to february 2007 , a total of more than 20 units were charged with the fee of $ 21,000 , with each of the remaining fee of $ 10,000 to $ 100,000 , with a total amount of more than 80 million .
in accordance with the provisions of article 33 ( 8 ) of the " regulations on the registration and management of social organizations , " the ministry of civil affairs has made an administrative penalty for a period of three months to stop the activities , and the ministry of civil affairs has also banned the collection of relevant articles , such as the seals .
south korean government hopes to speed up nuclear - free process in peninsula through six - party talks
chinanews , july 12 - the south korean government welcomed a delegation to the six - party talks to be held in beijing on july 18 .
a spokesman for the rok ministry of foreign affairs and trade issued a commentary on the 12 th , saying : " we hope that at this meeting of the delegation of the six - party talks , we can discuss the early conclusion of the initial stage and the implementation of the next phase of the six - party talks and the concrete and substantive plan for holding the foreign ministers ' talks , so as to speed up the process of denuclearization of the korean peninsula . "
the commentary also said : " as the core country of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will continue to play a positive role in the realization of a nuclear - free korean peninsula , and will carry out close cooperation with relevant countries . "
officials say beijing 's olympic games will be most likely to be in crowded countries and regions
chinanews , july 16 .
wang shilin , deputy director of the international liaison department of the beijing organizing committee for the 2008 olympic games , disclosed on the 14 th that the beijing organizing committee will send an invitation to the 205 members of the international olympic committee ( ioc ) to participate in the 2008 olympic games .
he said that if there is no accident , the beijing olympic games will become the largest olympic games in countries and regions in history .
according to the report , from 10 to 12 june , wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games , briefed the pan - us sports organization on the progress of the preparations for the beijing olympic games , including the construction of the venue , traffic arrangements , ticketing , and accommodation .
wang shilin said : all the member countries and regions of the pan - us sports organization have shown great enthusiasm for participating in the beijing olympic games , and all 42 members of the pan - us olympic committee have confirmed that they will attend the meeting of the delegations of the olympic games and the regional olympic committee to be held in beijing next month .
it has been learned that at the meeting , the international olympic committee will formally invite the ioc to participate in the 2008 olympic games together with the beijing organizing committee .
( ko pang - min )
wang yan took a turn for the better , " upholding " sit on the horse " to restore " two grade "
" wang yan has been able to sit on the keyboard , but the time is still too long , otherwise she will feel dizzy , " said wu xiqin , director of the zhejiang sports center , yesterday .
earlier , wang yan , who was injured in the competition , had been continuously improving , of which the left and right limbs were restored and more than 10 days ago , and the " two levels " were promoted .
on 4 july , when wang yan moved from the shanghai six institute 's sanyu ward to a special ward , her right - hand limbs were 2 to 3 , and the left limb was a grade 1 .
in the past six months , wang yan 's limbs had improved further .
" doctors said that the muscle strength of wang yan 's right hand has reached more than four levels , which is less than the normal five levels , and the left hand is more than three grade . "
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limbs restored the " two grade . "
just a while ago , wang yan had been able to sit on the bed for five minutes under the help of a doctor .
the hospital 's rehabilitation experts originally planned to allow wang yan to carry out the practice of practicing it under the protection of the bed last weekend .
however , according to the recovery of wang yan 's current stage , the training for the recovered is only temporarily postponed .
wu xiqin said : the main purpose of wang yan 's current training is to " sit " , and " she can sit in a while on the panmunjon , but it is still too long . " ( reporter wang chunqiu )
venezuelan president chavez says big reduction in civil service pay
chinanews , july 23 - according to a comprehensive report , venezuelan president chavez made a long speech on the foreign policy of venezuela on july 22 .
he said that he had substantially reduced the wages of senior civil servants .
he added that if foreigners are attacked by the venezuelan government , they will face serious consequences and will be deported .
chavez has ordered the government officials to closely monitor the remarks made by foreigners during their visit to venezuela , and found that anyone who openly criticized him or the government of venezuela would be expelled from the country .
in his television speech on the evening of 22 april , he said : venezuela cannot tolerate " foreigners going to the home to find fault . "
in his speech , he also pointed out that he would substantially reduce the wages of senior civil servants .
he said : venezuela 's civil servants cannot exceed $ 7,000 a month 's wages .
it has been learned that in venezuela , the monthly income of some poor people is 250 us dollars .
the action of reducing civil service pay in latin america has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of people .
the leaders of peru , bolivian , and bolivian countries have all paid their own pay reduction .
chavez also said that cuban leader castro reminded him to pay attention to the assassinations arranged by the us side .
he said : castro gave a congratulatory message to george tenet , former director of the us central intelligence agency , and asked him to see the cia 's " secret . "
pope 's hearing on " spy case " ended yesterday
beijing time last night , the international auto movement council concluded the special hearing of the lafayette technology espionage case in paris , and was quoted as saying : the council decided not to impose a penalty on the bench .
in a statement issued after the hearing , the official network of the international auto corporation said : " the vogue of the freighter , the motorcade has a secret information , but at present , there is no evidence to show that the information is not used in the world 's class one program . therefore , it will not be punished . "
however , the french technical spy case has not brought a full stop to this end .
the decision of the motor vehicle sports council also said : " if the relevant information of the lafayette was found in the future , we reserves the right to request the cartons to return to the motor vehicle sports council 's hearing , then they may face the penalty of the cancellation of the 2007 season or even the 2008 season . "
at present , the scotland , former chief designer of the vessel , has been found to be holding nearly 800 pages of the lafayette frigates ' technical documents , including a series of links such as the design , driving force , construction , testing , development , and operation of the lafayette , and so on .
the scott insisted that before the scott was suspended , no other people knew that the information was obtained by the team , and that there was no legal factor for the grab in the season .
( wang yuen )
experts believe : insurance cdma - iii will not be diverted to domestic stock market funds in the short term
chinanews , july 30 , by wire
according to a report by the china securities news , the " interim procedures for managing foreign investment funds outside the country " was promulgated a few days ago , and insurance funds had a broader space for using the capital market .
liu lefei , chief investment officer of the china life insurance corporation , held that the renminbi 's appreciation and the domestic capital market are good , and the insurance institutions will not make a large - scale investment in foreign exchange through the purchase of foreign exchange , and this also means that the insurance company will not be diverted to the domestic stock market in the short term .
it is reported that many insurance institutions hold the same viewpoint .
experts said that due to the lack of the renminbi derivatives market at present , the insurance institutions do not have enough means to avoid risks , and the timing of large - scale purchase of foreign exchange is still not yet mature .
liu lefei said : from a long - term point of view , foreign investment should account for a certain proportion of the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , in view of the relatively great pressure of the renminbi 's appreciation , china life will mainly make use of foreign exchange funds to invest abroad .
in the current situation , it is necessary to take a cautious attitude toward foreign investment in the purchase of foreign currencies .
( shangyang )
china 's flood prevention and drought control floods this year hit 52.5 billion yuan
according to the state flood prevention and drought control headquarters , up to july 29 , the flood - stricken crops in the whole country were hit by 1.18 billion mu , of which 54.14 million mu were affected , and 1.14 million people were killed by the disaster , and 45.52 million people were killed and 42.5 million yuan of direct economic losses .
a total of 140 million mu of cultivated land in the whole country were hit by drought , and 58.8 million people and 4.7 million of the major livestock had suffered temporary drinking water problems due to drought .
on 29 july , the state general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control made emergency arrangements in light of the current severe flood prevention and drought control situation .
the flood control headquarters of all provinces along the huai he and the flood prevention headquarters of the huai he has been strengthened to strengthen the flood prevention and control measures to win a comprehensive victory in the flood prevention and drought control of the huai he .
the state general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control and the ministry of finance and agriculture have sent three work groups to the flood prevention line and the flood prevention and drought control areas to guide flood prevention and drought control work .
at present , the flood prevention and drought control work on the huai river is being carried out in an orderly manner , and the flood prevention project is normal , and the huaihe river is also thrown into the flood , and 26.8 million people in the three provinces of henan , anhui , and jiangsu are bent on the flood prevention of the huai river .
there is no major danger to the dikes on the huai river .
in accordance with the plan , heilongjiang , jiangxi , and other provinces have started to respond to the emergency situation in the fight against drought , and the anti - drought work is being carried out in a tense and orderly manner .
( reporter yongping zhao )
chen shui - bian is involved in the election of a " department head " in the dark , and has denied and wanted to give an explanation .
chinanews , july 31 - chen shui - bian [ chen shuibian ] has asked the judicial personnel on the island to intervene in the election of the taiwan regional leader on july 30 .
on the same day , gao jinche , taiwan 's " chief executive officer of the court , " said that the current performance of the judge on the island is not in line with chen shui - bian 's remarks , and that he asked chen shui - bian to make an explanation of his remarks .
according to a report by taiwan 's " lien - ho pao , " chen shui - bian [ chen shuibian ] questioned the judges , prosecutors , or investigators on 30 april , because of political factors or election considerations , and even attempted to interfere in and influence the election activities of the candidates of various political parties . he said that he hopes that this phenomenon will not exist in taiwan , but may be very difficult .
in response to chen shui - bian 's question , the " president of the judicial yuan " weng - sheng did not respond to the proposal , while the " secretary general " fan guangqun appointed gao yuzhi to give a speech on behalf of the " department . "
gao jinche said : the taiwan basic law and the " judge 's code " explicitly declared that judges should go beyond the party and should not be allowed to participate in political party activities , and that the judges should be very cautious in abiding by the relevant restrictions , and that the " department court " believed that the judges should do a good job .
gao jinche pointed out : the judge of the " high - dech , " zhang shengxi , a judge of the kaohsiung city higher people 's court , took part in the course in a scotland school a few years ago , that is , due to the relevant courses of political parties and the resolution of the self - discipline committee of the judge .
zhang shengxi once wanted to take part in the preliminary election of the democratic progressive party [ dpp ] , and also decided to give up the decision because of the dispute over the election .
gao jinchi held that if the trial of individual cases is a case , the relief at the examination level can not be won by the result of the judgment , and the judge has political intention .
germany to lower import threshold for professional talent
in berlin , july 1 st , by reporter huaicheng wang
the german minister of education and scientific research , the other day , said that germany should reduce the restrictions on the import of foreign professionals in the " immigration law " and solve the problem of the shortage of professional talent in germany through increasing the import of foreign professionals .
according to the oecd report , the number of labor force in germany , aged between 15 and 64 , will decrease every year by 2010 .
if there is insufficient immigration , the german labor force will decrease by 6 percent by 2020 .
however , the german federation of employers and the german institute of engineers and other organizations have shown that in the german labor market , the gap between engineers and professional and technical personnel is fairly large .
according to data from the german federal labor bureau , in may this year , the gap between the german labor market and the supply volume of engineers was about 1.27 million , and the technical supply was about 9600 .
in order to protect the employment of our countrymen , germany has set a higher threshold for importing foreign talents .
the german " immigration law " stipulates that the annual income of the non - eu countries should not be lower than the 8.55 million euros in germany , otherwise they should not be allowed to work and stay in germany .
the swan proposal to reduce this quota to 40,000 to 60,000 euros .
do not believe in law " theorists "
article 8 of the draft amendment to the " legal law " submitted to the standing committee of the national people 's congress [ npc ] , which has been engaged in legal research , teaching , and other professional work , and has a high - level professional standard , and has applied for the examination and approval of the state council 's judicial administration department .
( " china youth daily " on 28 june )
in the law , there are " theoretical circles " and " practical circles , " and the former mainly consists of " abstract act " such as legal teaching and research work . the latter is more of " specific behaviors " such as litigation , legal consultation , and legal services .
for a long time , the phenomenon of " the theoretical circles " and " the theoretical circles " have existed in the " theory of the law , " and the " theoretical circles " have held that the " theoretical circles " lack the necessary legal knowledge , and that the " theory doctrine " is only a " doctrine scholar , " but the criticism of the " theoretical circles " is " not guiding practice . "
in terms of division of labor , what the law can do is to maintain its neutrality rather than to strongly support any party .
however , the " licensing system of lawyers " in the " law " has objectively recognized the " theoretical circles " of the law , which is higher than the judgment of the law .
as a matter of fact , some experts and scholars engaged in pure theoretical studies and teaching of the international law , and their theoretical attainments are also incompatible with legal practice .
in this way , the " licensing system of lawyers " is no doubt an extremely bad " bad word " of the legal profession .
the superstitions in the " theorist circles " are not limited , such as the phenomenon of the experts ' submission and the experts ' discussions will often affect or even veto the verdict of the court . this is also a direct manifestation of this kind of superstition .
five - star red flag hoisted
the pla daily news agency report no. 3
at a news conference held by the information office of the state council , china will implement the policy of the special tax - free registration of china - funded international shipping vessels from 1 july this year , and encourage chinese - funded vessels to return to the country to register their ships , so as to obtain the people 's republic of china and the five - star red flag .
in order to further promote the healthy development of our country 's maritime transportation industry and strengthen the national ship team , the ministry of communications recently issued a " notice on the implementation of the special tax - free registration policy for china - funded international shipping vessels , " and the application for the import and export of a large number of ships in china , which have been listed in the international shipping , and the requirements for the implementation of the special tax - free and tax - free .
applications for vessels can be made for the registration of vessels from shanghai , tianjin , and dalian .
britain cuts alert level of terrorist attacks in britain
xinhua news agency , london , july 5 th , by reporter linlin guo
the british government on the 4 th lowered the level of terrorist attacks from the highest level to the " serious " level , saying that the terrorist attacks in britain will not happen soon , but the attack is still " very likely . "
at present , the british police will shift the scope of the investigation to india and australia .
as the eight arrested terrorists are working in the medical system , the government will conduct an emergency review of the background of foreign immigrants entering the medical system .
it has been learned that nearly 90,000 people working in the public health care system in britain are qualified overseas to receive medical treatment .
prime minister brown also asked to investigate the background of the applicants of high - tech immigrants , and employers or relevant institutions would be required to provide the background information of the applicants .
public places do not let traders and retailers take care of them .
the plan to go out of the country for tourism is to relax , clear - cut , and independent , and enjoy the fruits of natural scenery and social civilization to the greatest extent .
however , while traveling in china , many people have suffered such a stir , and they have been besieged and stopped by traders and dealers in public places as intermediary business .
no matter whether it is a car or a train , it is always subject to the death of small traders and traders without a license .
it is not selling eggs , and the newspapers and periodicals , that is , there are many intermediary outlets that provide food and clothing , or even peddling false invoices .
if you do not accept it , he will be able to follow your example for several hundred meters , and if he is not successful , he will become a reality .
in some scenic spots and places , many visitors also felt the same feeling .
without the door , there will be people selling tourist items such as souvenirs and small - scale craft .
after entering the door , this situation has become more beautiful , and the situation has been mixed up and brought up .
some media reports have reported that many foreign tourists in xi'an have been highly praised for the famous scenic spots in xian , but they have been unable to understand the fact that they have been allowed to be sold out by the small business hawkers .
the public places , including the stations and the scenic spots , are the places where they are on a journey and leisure , and they should pay attention to civilization , orderly , harmonious , and harmonious , and provide a comfortable and comfortable environment for the visitors .
the freedom of traders and shop owners has disrupted the spread of the people 's minds , and objectively disrupted the public order of these public places , and created visual pollution and environmental pollution . at the same time , they also provided the conditions and opportunities for them to make trouble .
what is important is that these public places are the window for the building of local spiritual civilization , and it is not only an issue of image , but also an impact on the local economic development .
if you want to do a big job in the tourism industry , you will use such a chaotic tourism environment to welcome the guests coming to the north . who is willing to come here , who will dare to come ?
how can your tourist economy yield benefits ?
with the arrival of the tourism season , it should be said that it is an urgent task to create a civilized tourism environment for tourists from the north and south .
public places are not market - oriented and small traders should be standardized , and those that operate without a license should be resolutely abolished and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down on .
only in this way can a civilized and orderly environment be allowed to have the pleasure of the visitors and to bring their hearts and minds to the people .
in a word , public places do not allow traders and retailers to take care of them .
reward for the " active withdrawal from the outside world " has been unable to deliberate on and over
in beijing 's dongcheng district , the city has built a refrigerator , such as refrigerators , as a reward for 12 households who have taken the initiative to take the initiative to protect their families .
( " xinjing " 10 july )
this author is happy to see the improvement of the family life , but it is still very complicated to the formulation of " taking the initiative to withdraw from the insurance system . "
deputy director of the office of the state administration of the neighborhood of the country said : " in view of the problem of fraud and other issues , encouraging the early withdrawal of the tax reimbursement for other low - level households is an example to do so . "
this example is to encourage other low - level security personnel to extricate themselves from the predicament through their own efforts , and if they want to " call out " those who have been deceived for a long period of time , they will not be able to take advantage of the situation .
to differentiate and cleaning up the real estate tenants , more often than not , the law is a law .
the departments concerned should strengthen the obligations of low - income households in enjoying low - level security : if the family members and income changes in a timely manner , report the employment situation , and accept regular reexamination , the relevant departments should increase the intensity of supervision and inspection .
after all , " retreat according to law " is a permanent solution .
who will be given the material reward to the retired family ?
as a grade - 1 government organization , the expenses are borne by the financial authorities .
and that the money of the taxpayers should not be spent .
on the one hand , the withdrawal from low - level families has proved that they have a certain " self - sufficient " capability , and on the other hand , are there still no such thing as those who apply for low - protection ?
the government financial funding , which is called the rescue money , should be sent to the snowy weather instead of the gold .
liu gang is willing to be a service provider
on 10 july , liu gang , secretary of the first secretary of the town party committee and secretary of the new chengdu city party committee , received democratic assessments for the fourth time since he took office , and the satisfaction rate reached 97% .
during the dialogue between reporters and liu gang , liu gang defined himself as a " service person . "
( yesterday 's " xinjing " )
the " service person " in liu gang 's mouth may be more true and more convincing than some " service personnel " in the name of some appointments and dismissals .
the most important advantage of the system of the appointment of public servants is that the former is mainly decided by ordinary party members and the masses , and the latter is mainly appointed by the higher - level organizations , and the source of power has been decided that the former must be responsible for the people .
the source of power and the responsibility of the candidates are the fundamental factors for determining how to carry out the work of selecting the candidates .
some doubt that such a " democratic assessment " is more like a " democratic show . "
my view is that the form of " democratic assessment " is better than that of this kind of " democratic assessment . "
taking into account the history and current situation of china 's grassroots democratic political construction , i think that the promotion of direct elections to the public is a major breakthrough , and the democratic assessment is an important part of this pioneering work , and that we should not underestimate the development of the grass - roots democratic politics .
india is expected to elect the first female president , claiming that it is more likely that female voters hope to raise women 's status .
on june 23 , klestil took dual hands in front of the presidential candidates ' documents .
the beginning of the indian presidential election on the 19 th , the new president will be elected between the incumbent vice president of the republic of india , the incumbent vice president of the republic of surya , and the former governor of the state of ramallah .
klestil is the first female presidential candidate in india 's history . if she is elected , she will become the first female president in the history of india .
klestil is the presidential candidate of the ruling national congress party , and the opposition party came from the opposition party .
since the congress party has the advantage in the presidential election , the media and the people have been speculating that the possibility of paramilitary election is relatively great .
the 72 - year - old paramilitary constanta .
she was a lawyer from the parliament in 1985 and had rich political experience , and she was praised by the government during her term of office as a state governor .
she is also the honorary chairman of many cultural , educational , and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that the reason why paraguay became a candidate was because she was unswervingly loyal to the chairman of the congress party of india , sonia gandhi .
in india , the gandhi family controlled the ruling congress party for a long time .
as a result , the women have been supported by a large number of female voters , and the female voters believe that klestil will redefine the image of women in india and enhance the status of women .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state with the name of the president , and the commander of the state and armed forces in the name of the president , does not represent any party organization , and it is more of a symbol .
( yan wing ying )
us supports palestinian government 's expulsion of extremists
xinhua news agency , washington , july 22 nd , by reporter qisheng xu
us president bush said on 21 april that the united states will give full support to the pakistani government in its effort to remove the " al - qaeda " organization and the taliban 's extremist elements from the border between pakistan and afghanistan .
bush said in his weekly routine radio address that according to the new us intelligence , the " al - qaeda " organization found a " safe paradise " in the border between pakistan and afghanistan .
he expressed " great worries " about this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president pervez musharraf , and it is believed that musharraf will adhere to the struggle against al - qaeda and taliban elements .
the recent us " national intelligence assessment " report points out that the muslims ' armed forces , especially bin laden 's " al - qaeda " organization , are still posing a threat to the united states .
in september last year , the agreement reached between the leaders of some northern areas of pakistan and the islamic republic on preventing the activities of taliban remnant forces and members of the " al - qaeda " organization did not achieve the desired results .
these tribal leaders " do not want or have the ability " to safeguard the security of the region themselves .
in his speech delivered earlier on , bush said that musharraf was taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
u.s. hopes for full implementation of dprk nuclear agreement
xinhua news agency , washington , july 24 th , by reporter qisheng xu
us assistant secretary of state and chief representative for the north korean nuclear issue hill said on the 23 rd that the six - party talks on the north korean nuclear issue held last week were very important , and that the meeting had made real progress for the first time , but this was only a " preliminary action " in the implementation of the agreement .
the united states very much hopes that the " 9 / 19 joint statement " on the settlement of the dprk nuclear issue and the " 2 / 13 common document " will be fully implemented in 2008 .
in order to achieve the goal of thoroughly resolving the north korean nuclear issue in 2008 , hill said at a press conference that the dprk would be required to declare all its nuclear program by the end of this year and to achieve the goal of the nuclear facilities .
he expressed the hope that all parties concerned will comprehensively implement the agreement reached in the six - party talks on the dprk nuclear issue within a year .
at the same time , while holding talks on security and energy issues , the working group of the united states , the dprk , and the dprk will discuss issues that are to be resolved in bilateral relations between the united states and the dprk .
climate change leads to a rapid reduction in the glaciers
in geneva , july 29 th , by reporter jun liu .
a long - term tracking and research by the swiss academy of ice experts found that between 1850 and 2005 , more than 1,700 glaciers in switzerland were decreasing at an average annual rate of 3 percent .
in 2003 alone , the heat wave generated 1.8% of the glaciers .
experts believe that by 2100 years , the world 's temperature will be 3 degrees celsius higher than now , and the ice will be five degrees celsius higher than the present .
the glaciers , the longest ice in europe , have been listed as the world natural heritage of the united nations educational , scientific , and cultural organization , but it has been reduced by 100 meters in the year 2005 to 2006 , thus protecting the natural environment has reached the point of urgent importance .
the picture is a 23 - km - long iceberg .
photo taken by liu jun .
beijing olympic games ' association urges fair consumers
beijing , july 30 ,
reporter liang jie learned from the china consumers ' association : when the first anniversary of the convocation of the 29 th olympic games on 8 august , the beijing municipal consumer association , the tianjin consumer association , the shanghai consumer protection committee , the shenyang consumer association , the qingdao consumer association , the qinhuangdao city consumers ' association , and the hong kong consumer council issued a proposal to the consumers ' rights and interests of the six cities , and the hong kong consumer council on the name of the world .
the proposal proposes that we should start with ourselves , strengthen our awareness of the humanities olympic games , learn etiquette knowledge , raise the level of civilization , practice the standards of civilization , abide by social morality , and become a consumers who know the good and civilized ;
enhance the awareness of green olympic games , protect the ecological environment , cherish natural resources , actively promote sustainable consumption , and become a consumer who advocates green consumption ;
it is necessary to establish the awareness of practicing thrift and economizing on consumption , change the concept of consumption , give up the blind faith , oppose extravagance and waste , and do a rational consumer with a scientific concept of consumption .
it is necessary to enhance the awareness of consumption rights and interests , take the initiative to participate in social supervision , consciously respect intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and act as a consumers who act in accordance with the law and have the right to protect their rights and interests .
we should promote the spirit of being the masters of the olympic games and the awareness of taking an active part in the olympic games .
police to celebrate the 10 th anniversary of the return of hong kong to china
on july 1 , the police of the nanjing jinghai temple memorial hall was once again shot and melted by the clock .
this magnificent historical reversal , through the tv station 's " connection " with the mainland and hong kong , the people of nanjing and hong kong compatriots " have come together to celebrate the 10 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland . "
ten years ago , the clock of july 1 , the clock tower of the nanjing jinghai temple memorial hall , which was filled with a 1955 - year - old alarm bell , was a farewell to the history of humiliating hong kong island .
in front of the great hall of the people , people from all walks of life in nanjing said that they should , through their own hands , call for relations with each other , always warn themselves and the later generations not to forget history .
" the clock tower stood at 1.842 meters , and in 1842 it was the time for the " nanjing treaty " to be signed during the opium war .
in 1997 , the year 1997 was the year after hong kong 's return to the motherland . "
in the past , wang fengling , a mastermind and a molecular , explained that the " five - 10,000 " and the " 10,000 - character , " which was centered around the clock , was used in the whole bronze bell , and the two dragons , which symbolized that hong kong was the " dongfeng " of the motherland .
yu xiaodong , a democratic party figure who was the first proposal to build the world , said , " it has been 10 years since hong kong 's return to the motherland . " he expressed the hope that hong kong will be able to be able to " be in the same way as the bell . "
( end )
russia 's security agency accused him of the " plot to launch a coup " in exile
on 2 july , russia 's lawyer in exile in the federal republic of the russian federation , the lawyer of the russian federation , announced that the russian federation had formally raised a new charge against his party and accused the other side of plotting a coup d ' etat in an attempt to seize the russian regime . "
in an interview with the british newspaper " defense agency " in april this year , the ovski pointed out that he was preparing to launch a " imperial coup d ' etat " in russia , and confirmed that he had provided financial support to the right - wing elite representatives who opposed the authorities ' policy .
the russian federation 's reconnaissance agency immediately launched a criminal investigation into the criminal case in accordance with article 278 of the " russian federation criminal law , " and recently formally filed a corresponding charge to the moscow saliyev court .
it has been learned that in february 2006 , the russian federation 's general procuratorate had put forward a criminal case against the other side . in the same way , it was confirmed that he was attempting to seize the russian regime by force in exile .
because the united states has been in exile abroad , it is impossible to extradite the case , and the russian side suspended the investigation in january 2007 .
on 2 july , the moscow maliyev court began the trial of another criminal case in exile , and the russian supreme procuratorate accused the russian airline of a total of 2.14 - billion yuans , and a money laundering of 16 - million , and the court decided to postpone the court investigation on 12 july , which will be designated as a national defense counsel .
do not think that these are " farce " and that they specifically prohibit their own defending lawyer from taking part in court proceedings .
( pedder )
administrative efficiency monitored 619 people held responsible for guangxi 135 posts
since the beginning of this year , all localities and departments in guangxi have carried out the activities of changing the work style of cadres , strengthening the administrative efficiency of the organs , and implementing the " three systems " for the first time , the system of the system of responsibility , and the system of the system of the " three systems , " and the three key examination and approval departments and 135 responsibilities of the autonomous region have been included in the network of administrative efficiency supervision .
as of now , 619 people have been held accountable .
this reporter learned from the guangxi zhuang autonomous region discipline inspection commission on 5 april that at present , guangxi has initially formed a network of administrative efficiency supervision at the regional , city , and county levels , and has strengthened supervision over key departments and posts , and the 14 cities ' electronic supervision and supervision system has been fully integrated with the autonomous region .
the administrative efficiency electronic supervision system of the autonomous region has directly linked the investment environment and the production and life of the masses of the people , and the 33 key examination and approval departments and 135 responsibility posts directly under the autonomous region , further standardizing the examination and approval behavior , and enhancing the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and handled a total of 1,104 cases involving work style and damage the interests of the masses . so far , they have investigated and verified a total of 769 cases , and investigated and handled 584 units and 619 people .
ma zijie , member of the standing committee of the guangxi zhuang autonomous region party committee and secretary of the discipline inspection commission , said on 5 april that administrative efficiency supervision is a work that is always in keeping with administrative activities , and it is necessary to gradually form a long - term effective mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize the various rules and regulations of administrative management , establish and improve the work mechanism and guarantee mechanism for the supervision of administrative efficiency , include the system of institutionalized and standardized supervision and inspection , further standardize the supervision and inspection procedures , improve the mechanism for handling complaints and the results of the examination , and intensify the work of investigating and affixing responsibility , so as to implement the system of the system of the first responsibility and the system for the implementation of the system of the system .
( reporter lifang wang lifang )
nato does not rule out cooperation with us on anti - ballistic missile system
in an exclusive interview with xinhua on 9 april , the nato information official westinghouse would not rule out the possibility of linking the us anti - ballistic missile system with nato 's own defense system .
the statement said that nato is currently studying the us anti - ballistic missile plan , hoping that the united states will cover all its european allies within the scope of its anti - ballistic missile defense .
she said that nato has its own theater missile defense system and has begun to discuss the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , and it is impossible to link the us abm system with nato 's own defense system .
she also said that the united states will exchange information with russia through various channels on the issue of building an abm system in europe .
( by reporter yuyi ding )
two iraqis sentenced for conspiracy to attack americans
two jordanian men were sentenced by jordan 's national security court on the 11 th for planning attacks on americans in jordan .
the two men , both aged 25 , were sentenced to eight years ' imprisonment for strengthening the system of labor service , while the other one was called mohammad khatami , and the other was sentenced to three years ' imprisonment for the strengthening of the system of labor service .
the court said that the man was charged with illegal possession of firearms while searching his home , he found an assault rifle .
the court had decided to sentenced hu taoli to life imprisonment for eight years , and after considering giving him a chance of " reformation " , the prison term was reduced to eight years .
the indictment said that after the iraq war broke out , the two defendants decided to report the death of the muslims who were " bullied by americans , " thus planning to attack the americans in jordan .
in august 2006 , they locked on a americans living in the suburbs of jordan 's capital of amman , but they were arrested by the police before the attack was launched .
the indictment did not make public the identity of this american citizen .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of planning to attack other americans , but did not reveal details .
( reporter xiaopo )
report of diabetes drugs causing bad reaction
the u.s. media reported on the 15 th that the number of bad reaction reports such as anti - diabetes drugs has been on the rise in the united states .
the us food and drug administration issued a safety warning in may this year , suggesting that the patients of diabetes should be careful in the use of man , because scientists published a study report in the " new england journal " on 21 may , saying that this kind of the medicine will greatly increase the incidence and mortality of the patients .
the safety of wenya has been closely watched by doctors and patients .
according to statistics , in about one month after the issuance of safety warnings , the us pharmaceutical administration received 357 reports of bad reactions , of which 38 were killed .
in january and february this year , the cmb received only 50 and 73 reports of bad responses .
these bad reaction was light up the water bubbles and the sudden death of heart disease .
however , the drug experts of the us drug administration believe that it is still too early to arrive at the conclusion of the indecent assault .
the drugs administration will hold a hearing on the safety of man diya on july 30 .
the debut of the archipelago in 1999 is a type of pancreia which is applicable to the treatment of the ii diabetes .
about 6 million diabetes patients in the world have taken or are taking the drug for taking it .
the manufacturer of wenya , the uk 's manufacturer , has always believed that the sonia is safe , and that " the advantages are greater than disadvantages " for the patients .
u.s. wants to resume middle east peace talks
us president bush made a speech in washington on 16 november , calling for an international meeting on the palestinian - israeli issue to be held this fall , inviting israel , palestine , and some other neighboring arab countries and other relevant countries to participate in a joint effort to promote the resumption of the middle east peace process .
on 17 july , bush also called on egyptian president mubarak , jordanian king abdullah ii , and saudi king abdullah , respectively , to demand that they actively call for the proposal to support palestinian national authority chairman abbas and help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas : central committee of the plo to discuss palestinian elections ahead of schedule
palestinian national authority chairman abbas said in ramallah on the 18 th that the two - day meeting of the central committee of the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) will be held on the same day to discuss issues such as the holding of the palestinian national authority and the legislative council .
on the same day , abbas met with the eu high representative solana , who is in charge of foreign affairs and security affairs , and said at a subsequent joint press conference that if the plo central committee makes relevant decisions , the chairman will have the right to issue the " legal and powerful " order , and such an order will soon be issued .
at the same time , abbas is satisfied with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's understanding of the measures taken by the palestinian presidential office .
abbas urged the eu to continue providing humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
solana reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the four sides of the middle east issue ( the united nations , the eu , the united states , and russia ) will hold a meeting on 19 july to discuss the issue of resuming the middle east peace process , and the next few days may be put forward .
solana said that the eu has a positive attitude toward the deployment of international forces in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
( by reporter zhiqiang wang )
jiangxi to take root in rural health talent award for 30 years
for a long time , a large number of medical and technical personnel have taken root in the rural areas , and have made painstaking efforts and worked hard for the health of the grass - roots health undertakings and the peasants .
jiangxi province recently decided to issue a " 30 - year - long honorary award " to the health professionals who have taken root in the rural areas for 30 years .
according to a briefing given by the jiangxi provincial health department , the medical and health care personnel of the township and town health care institute , who have been engaged in the work of the medical and technical work , and the medical and technical personnel at and above the primary level and above , and the medical and technical personnel who have been in the township and town health and the village , who have been working for more than 30 years , have been commended for the award .
the deadline for the first batch of final accounts is late july .
with regard to the rural health talent who are in conditions , jiangxi province will also give priority to and give preferential treatment to those who have been awarded a " 30 - year - long award and award " for rural health work , and will also give preferential treatment to them in the aspect of the examination , evaluation , and appointment .
the high - level professional examination is designated on the basis of the actual work ability , and the examination is to appropriately relax the scientific research and theses conditions , so as to give priority to appointment after gaining the qualification .
the jiangxi provincial health department has also arranged for a certain number of leave - convalescence and provides a certain amount of funding for the work .
starting this year , jiangxi province will launch a " 30 - year honorary award for rural public health work " every two years .
( reporter : juan li )
us defense department reconsiders reduction of us military plan in europe
us defense department officials said on the 23 rd that due to the changes in the iraq war and the world situation , the us department of defense is reconsidering the plan to reduce the number of us troops in europe by about half in 2002 .
the us media quoted a defense department official as saying that due to the iraq war , as well as the worsening of relations between the united states and russia and between the united states and iran , the department of defense has raised questions on the feasibility of reducing the plan for european troops .
in 2002 , us defense secretary rumsfeld announced that the united states would reduce the number of troops stationed in europe from 1.13 - million to 7.1 - million by 2012 , so as to build a new type of " small - scale army " .
at present , the total us military strength in europe has dropped to 100,000 .
in june this year , however , the us military 's european command commander claudik submitted a report to the current secretary of defense , asking for questions on the above reduction plan .
the report said that while reducing the number of us troops in europe , many troops have been transferred to iraq and afghanistan , which has caused a shortage of us military personnel in europe , and it is impossible to carry out normal cooperation with the european allies .
the report suggested that the reduction of the us military plan in europe be stopped .
relevant us experts believe that the above - mentioned phenomenon shows that the iraq war has been dragged on for a long time , and the us military has been making adjustments to the original plan .
( reporter yang qingchuan and pan yunzhao )
shandong jiaozhou carried out activities of " sending traffic safety films into the community "
people 's network qingdao , july 26 th , by reporter xuechun song zhongliang and others
in order to further deepen the " three advantages " of the urban civilization , enhance the awareness of the traffic law and the awareness of traffic safety , and enhance the awareness of abiding by the law and the law , from 20 to 10 august ( every monday , 3 , and 5 august ) , the traffic police group of the shandong provincial communications bureau has been conducting activities in the areas of the people 's square , the jiulong square , the sanhe square , the city of the city , and the xiaolangdi .
before the film was launched , the traffic police team produced a " letter to the public , " a letter to protect the lives of the broad masses of the people , " and a number of publicity materials , and the " warning of the accident to life " and the " road to school " special topics .
the tragic scenes in a short period of time have caused the public to sigh , and the bloody scene has played an extremely great warning role .
in particular , the book " on the road of school " has been specially designed to make primary school students more easily understand and love , and have also received profound education .
the film attracted more than 3,300 residents from the square , especially some young workers and workers who came to work in the jiaozhou city , who were sitting at the center 's jinjin .
through the launch of transportation safety in the community ( village ) and on - the - spot activities , the public also enjoyed the film and received profound traffic safety education , especially the new citizens .
health ministry : health supervision system for restaurants across the country to be gradually implemented
in order to better implement the " food health law " and the " decision of the state council on further strengthening food safety work , " the ministry of public health has carried out a trial - point work in 10 regions , including beijing municipality 's haidian district , tianjin 's taizhou city , and jiang , zhejiang province , hangzhou city , henan province , and hubei province .
this system will be gradually implemented throughout the country .
the public health supervision system of the catering industry is based on routine health supervision , and on the " health management system " of the catering units , the health management personnel , and the employment personnel have proved that the quality and labelling of food , the process of food processing , the environmental hygiene of the food factory , the sanitation of the sanitation , and the use of the main materials , and the " sanitation of the sanitation , " and the " good health . "
it has been learned that the public notices will adopt the uniform colour and mode of the regulations of the ministry of health , including the results of the on - the - spot inspection , the comprehensive assessment of the results , and the name of the organisation of the on - the - spot health supervision , as well as the customer complaints , and the obvious location of the premises of the catering units or the customers , so as to understand the hygiene conditions of the restaurant .
by reporter qifeng hu .
security council decides to extend peacekeeping mission in egypt
the un security council passed a resolution on 30 january , agreeing to extend the term of the un peacekeeping force in ethiopia and eritrea for six months to 31 january next year .
the resolution called on all parties concerned to carry out their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , and avoid provocative military activities , and called on the eritrea to immediately withdraw its troops and heavy military equipment from the temporary security zone , and called on ethiopia to reduce the number of additional military forces deployed in the area near the interim security zone .
the resolution called on ethiopia to take immediate steps to ensure that the ethiopian border committee is able to rapidly set the border without any conditions , and to demand that the eritrea should no longer delay or set a prerequisite for the removal of all the actions and operations of the ethiopian mission .
the resolution reiterated full support for the work of the border committee of the two countries and welcomed the decision of the committee to hold a meeting between the two sides in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , a border clash broke out between eritrea and ethiopia , killing more than 70,000 people .
in june 2000 , the two sides signed a cease - fire agreement in algiers , the capital of algeria .
since july 2001 , the united nations has deployed peacekeeping forces in the border area of egypt to monitor the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
( by reporter zhiqiang wu xiangjiang )
beijing to host national basketball invitation competition
in chengdu , june 30 , pla daily
in order to implement the spirit of the instructions of the party central committee on building a harmonious socialist society , and to coordinate with the building of a new socialist rural new rural areas , the " fitness of the whole people and the olympic games " has enriched the cultural and sports life of the masses , and the " national basketball invitation competition for the olympic games " was held in the two counties of chengdu on the 30 th .
the six - day event attracted 10 men 's basketball teams from all parts of the country .
according to the provisions , athletes who are attending this competition must be amateur athletic athletes , aged above 18 years old .
professional and professional athletes who are registered in the national sports administration 's sport management centre in 2006 - 2007 are not allowed to apply .
the chinese basketball association has adopted the latest basketball rules in the competition , which will be divided into two stages , namely , the preliminary and final .
the competition is sponsored by the national sports general administration 's management center , the china basketball association , and the china international sports travel company .
in recent years , the cultural and sports undertakings in the two counties , which have had a history of more than 2,000 years , have developed rapidly , and the two counties have won a series of awards , such as " national sports advanced counties , " " national sports advanced units , " and so on .
in particular , in the new rural construction , the two counties have made great efforts to carry out the project of building the rural sports and physical fitness facilities , integrated the construction of sports facilities with the " beautification , greening , and integrity " in the rural areas , built the stadium in the rural areas , and built the sports service system around the peasants , and actively spread and carry out sports service system in the rural areas , and improve the quality of the peasants who have the characteristics of the localities .
modern military uniforms
one is to identify functions .
the important signs of different countries ' armed forces , different arms of services , the armed forces , and the people are different .
in the armed forces of more than 100 countries in the world , although the use of military uniforms is basically the same , the military uniform of no two countries is completely the same .
second , it symbolizes the function .
to a certain extent , the military uniform is a reflection of the spiritual outlook of a country and the characteristics of a nation , and is also a concentrated expression of the combat capability of a country 's armed forces and the quality of military personnel .
in the three major military uniforms , the military uniforms , and the military uniforms , they can fully demonstrate the strength and power of the country and the military , and they are not too brave in the way they are the same .
third , protection functions .
with the rapid development of new and high - tech weapons and equipment , the enhancement of the comprehensive defense capabilities of the new - type , which has enabled the military to have various functions , such as the prevention of bombs , the prevention of chemical warfare , chemical warfare , and anti-radiation , as well as the adjustment of temperature , humidity , and the transfer of natural gas , have become the most important problem in the development of the military 's uniform .
( marwei )
party committee organs of a certain group dare to deal with thorny issues
the pla daily news agency , chengdu , july 3 ,
he said : " we can stay in the apartment because of the determination and determination of the party committee organs of the regiment . "
today , more than 10 cadres of a certain communications training regiment of the chengdu military region have been happy to see the " members " of the party committee of the regiment have the courage to tackle tough problems , and they are full of respect and gratitude to them .
in the past few years , with the change of personnel , some of the houses of the units under this brigade were in violation of the regulations , making it difficult for the cadres in work , and the officers and men had a great deal of opinions on this .
the unit has also made clear the housing several times , and the problem has become an old and difficult problem because of all kinds of resistance .
" as long as we have the courage to be more rational , we will not be able to solve the problem . "
after the new party committee 's leading body reached a consensus , the principal leaders personally took the initiative to thoroughly straighten out all the illegal housing problems .
on the other hand , they have been persuaded by the people , and expressed the hope that relevant personnel will take into account the overall situation , and on the other hand , explain the relevant policies and regulations of the army 's housing construction , the intensive housing , and the economic application house , and show the firm determination and principled stand of the party committee .
with regard to some personnel who are in other places and are not willing to withdraw from the occupied housing , the party committee organs have made timely contact with their units and adopted corresponding measures to promote the work of the troops .
after two months of painstaking work , all households in the barracks have been moved out on schedule , and the cadres of the regiment have been separated from housing in accordance with the regulations .
the party committee of the regiment has the courage to tackle tough problems , and has also produced a chain effect , and a few cadres who are not willing to actively cooperate with the organization have now expressed their willingness to obey the organization 's decision .
chinese defense minister meets bangladesh air force chief
beijing , july 9 ,
this morning , qiao shi , member of the central military commission and commander of the air force , met with the bangladesh air force chief of staff , and his party in beijing .
qiao said that since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and bangladesh , bilateral relations have been developing smoothly , high - level contacts have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been strengthened .
the two countries , no matter whether in international affairs or in their own national construction , have mutual trust , supported each other , helped each other , and coordinated with each other .
the chinese side appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support to china on the issues of taiwan , human rights , and tibet .
qiao said that the chinese armed forces treasure the development of friendly relations with the bangladeshi armed forces , and hope that with the joint efforts of the two sides , the friendly cooperation between the two armed forces will be further expanded , and the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two armed forces will be enhanced to a new level .
he said that the bangladesh side will make active efforts to further develop friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two armed forces , especially between the two armed forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , stick to the one - china policy .
prior to the meeting , qiao held a welcoming ceremony for the visit to austria in the early morning .
qi arrived in beijing on 8 july for an official goodwill visit to china at the invitation of qiao .
july 7 - type military designers to be chinese military online
from august 1 , the pla troops will be wearing a 07 - type military uniform .
this evening , the chinese military network specially invited chen jun , deputy director of the general logistics department 's general logistics department , and the senior engineer of the military equipment research institute of the general logistics department , and su yang , one of the chief engineer of the general logistics department 's armament department , to be a guest of the chinese military network , to discuss the background and development process of the new military uniform .
the two guests are direct participants in the design and development of military uniforms in july .
when talking about the changes in the new military uniform , they said : in july , the military uniform was designed on the basis of a number of occasions , especially the 97 - type military uniforms , and the improvement of the seven aspects of the military uniform , including the series , system , and format .
the most important feature of the military uniform in july is to meet the requirements of the three armed services , namely , the army , and the people , so that our army 's military uniform has achieved the standards of coordination , variety , and series of support for the first time , and this indicates that the level of the building of our army 's uniform has achieved a historic leap .
the two guests also extensively exchanged views with the internet users on the variety , model , model , and wearing of new military uniforms .
the interview was jointly held by china 's military network , china . org . cn , and the dots network .
jingjiang city people 's armed forces department has built a platform to improve the quality of specialized military cadres .
on 18 june , at the training class of the special military cadres in jingjiang city , jiangsu province , lu yuqing , minister of the armed forces of the west , and the " psychological warfare counselling group " , which was given the same title as the " winning the war under the conditions of informationization , " was unanimously praised by the students participating in the training .
this is a new change made by the city people 's armed forces department in the light of the actual conditions of the work posts to exert pressure on the cadres involved , and to make efforts to improve the overall quality of the special military cadres .
at the beginning of this year , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department discovered during the investigation and study at the grass - roots level that some of the special military cadres had a long term of office , and that they did not put the main energy on the armed work .
for this reason , they have adopted such methods as centralized training , relying on the training of local party schools , and so on , to conduct regular training of special military cadres , and to make efforts to solve the problem of the lack of the knowledge and professional quality of the cadres .
in connection with the work of the central authorities , we should be bold in making contributions to the work of the special military cadres , and strive to improve their ability to work through the training of the posts .
at the same time , they have actively coordinated the local organizational departments , and have jointly formulated the " plan for the appointment of the special military cadres , " and clearly stipulated that the minister of armed forces must enter the party committees of the same level , and no longer be appointed to other posts .
it has established a mechanism for readjusting the exchange of military cadres , and has readjusted and used some special military cadres who are not suited to the work of the grassroots armed forces in a timely manner , and the comrades who have good overall quality and strong ability to work .
not long ago , chen yisong , director of the armed forces department of the new century shipbuilding company limited , led the militia technology detachments made innovations to fill the gap in the country .
good will come to the end .
as far as the results of the competition are concerned , the two - to - two points are reasonable and acceptable to the chinese team , and the key is the process of competition , so many people are regretful .
if the iranto team took the lead , then the chinese team will be a match , and the chinese team will certainly be quite different from the chinese soccer fans , but it is a pity that the situation is just the opposite .
it can be said that the chinese team is an old problem at the beginning .
the chinese team often did not make a hue and cry in the excellent situation , and the common view was that the chinese athletes ' psychological quality was not too strong .
this is indeed one reason why the chinese team cannot " be good at the end of the day . "
however , judging from the chinese team 's competition today , it seems that it is not all right .
the others , including sun jihai , sun xiang , shao jianyi , and zheng chih - chih , did not say that li weidong and others had a long - standing old , and that they had a good understanding of the situation , and that there would be no problems in the psychological quality .
the reason why the chinese team was forced to be forced by the iranians was that the soldiers were in the midst of the lineup .
under the backward situation , the iranians were changed to two , and the scene immediately changed .
the chinese team also changed three players in the second half of the game , but the results were not good .
to overcome the problems that may not be good at the beginning , we must correct the root cause of the problems .
as long as the problem is correct , it will be difficult to find a solution to the problem .
they are afraid that they will be in a hurry to seek medical treatment .
if this goes on , the chinese team will have more competitions , and the old problems will go on , and there will be no further kicked off and kicked off .
public security ministry awarded second - class merit to guangdong frontier defense corps hospital
in shenzhen , july 18 ,
li guoliang and huang qi reported : for many years , while doing a good job in the medical support of the troops , the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital has made great efforts to help the people in difficulty and the people in the minds of the people .
this morning , the ministry of public security held a meeting of the second - class collective merit of the guangdong frontier defense corps , and a report meeting on the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people in shenzhen .
the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital has taken the building of social harmony as its own responsibility , and has set up three hospitals in phuket , longhua , and baoan , shenzhen , which are specially targeted at the work personnel of the outside world , and the cost of the medical service is only one yuan , and the fee for the work of the foreign workers is only one yuan .
the hospital has specially set up a " love service vehicle " to receive free medical treatment from the peasant workers , and has introduced a " health service card " for the peasant workers . the hospital is only required to pay seven yuan a month , which is to enjoy 12 basic medical examination and guarantee .
this measure to benefit the people has benefited more than 12,000 peasant workers .
since 2003 , the hospital has also carried out a large - scale " the 1,000 - meter - long , " and the medical and health care activities . the hospital has organized the health care personnel on eight occasions to go to tibet , jiangxi , yunnan , qinghai , and qinghai to " deliver the bright and healthy , " and the hospital has carried out free of charge nearly 3,000 cases of the people and made the patients feel the bright .
the armed police force will replace the 07 - type clothing on august 1 .
from august 1 , the armed police force will have a series of 07 - type garments with effect from august 1 .
today , this reporter saw from the ceremony of the 07 - type clothing and the demonstration activities of the armed police force , there were four major categories of the 07 - type garments , namely , dress , dress , and wearing apparel .
the colour of the existing olive green belt adjustment is made up of the olive green belt , the mouth and the trousers , and the overall design of the times , with reference to the national wearing apparel standard .
the female officers and men 's basketball stands have been changed to the grass - roots , and the winter clothing of the police officers and men has been changed from the traditional pattern of the open - style , and the xia changtu has been changed to the old - style structure . in the spring and autumn .
the newly added name - name , and the name of the new name , and the name of the national defense service , the national defense service chapter , and the redesigned mo , the badge , and the badges have been enhanced , and they have strengthened their awareness of the importance of identifying the garments .
the armed police force 's model of wearing apparel will be changed in three years .
before 1 august 2007 , the army , together with officers , civilian cadres , and the national guard guards , military band , and cultural groups of the pla , have been replaced by the spring - autumn uniforms , and they have been replaced by the officers , civilian cadres , and the soldiers of the beijing region .
in may , 2008 , the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] and the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , which was issued in the spring and autumn of the year .
in october , 2008 , he changed the winter clothing for police officers and wearing long - sleeved clothes .
in december 2009 , he changed the winter clothing for soldiers .
training will be subordinated to the needs of the 2008 season and will be gradually changed .
a certain base of the second artillery corps ' " small , remote , and remote " education coordination zone began operation
the phenomenon of organizing the education of the small and remote units , which is difficult to organize the education of the units directly under the second artillery corps , will become a reality in the history of the second artillery .
this reporter recently learned that after half a year of trial - point work , the base has issued the " implementation measures for the implementation of the ideological and political education program for the businessmen , " which covers all the small and remote units in the base , and has been officially put into operation .
in order to promote the effective implementation of the " program for ideological and political education , " the base organized forces to conduct in - depth investigation and study of the current situation of ideological and political education in the small and remote units , and the key issues that have affected and restricted the time , personnel , and results of the education , thus initially forming a new type of education model of the small and remote units in the region .
the specific method of the coordination zone is to break the boundaries between the unit and the unit of the brigade and the brigade level in a relatively centralized way , and to take the lead in organizing a unified plan for the theme education , and to make a long - term discussion of the same unit of the same unit , which is different from the same unit of the same unit , or with the help of the video system .
we should adopt the method of combining teaching with competition , and make unified arrangements for the education forces , and the education hardware in one region , and the data of various units and the experience of education should be shared . we should organize a series of roving reports and the officers and men to exchange experience in the study .
each agreement zone has set up a full - time education liaison team and part - time education information collection team .
on this basis , the various localities have also established a system for seeking assistance in solving difficult problems , conducting discussion on major educational topics , and making an emergency ideological report and assessment system .
zhang shengmin , director of the political department of the base , told reporters that the establishment of a political education coordination zone has not only reduced the wastage of education resources but also deepened the results of education .
some political teachers fear that they will lose in front of officers and men of other units and take the initiative to study new knowledge and find new methods for education .
the officers and men who have been educated have also actively digested the contents of the education , and are afraid that the officers and men of the neighboring units will speak out in front of the officers and men .
as a result , the enthusiasm of educators and educators has been effectively stimulated .
whole convalescence for a certain repair unit of the north china sea fleet
on 17 july , led by zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of a certain repair regiment of the north china sea fleet , led by zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of a certain repair regiment of the north china sea fleet , the 31 soldiers of the regiment , who had been working on the first line of repairs , were happily stepping onto the train in beidaihe .
" the leader of the regiment is concerned about the love of the soldiers , and we are deeply moved by the fact that after the return of convalescence , we will certainly work harder ! "
this is the first time that the unit has organized grassroots soldiers to receive convalescence .
not long ago , the regiment commander yao qingsheng went to the grass - roots units to see that some soldiers in charge of the repair work had been deeply moved by the high temperature to carry out the maintenance work .
" the party committee should show concern for the soldiers and be responsible for the health of the soldiers , " said yao qingsheng in the party committee .
after the party committee studies , the decision was made to divide all the infirmary places assigned by the higher authorities to the units for repairs of the first - line fighters .
a certain unit of the jinan military region has openly dealt with the " hot spot "
the pla daily news agency
on 25 july , the reporter saw the following in a certain service company of a certain unit of the jinan military region : a publicity column of important issues , such as the construction of the troops , the financial expenditure , the promotion of cadres , and the recruitment of noncommissioned officers , was displayed in the show window .
according to su chengsen , political commissar of the cppcc national committee , this is a concrete measure taken by the ministry to push forward the system of opening up affairs to the public .
at the beginning of this year , in order to strengthen the building of a sound party style and a clean and honest administration , the party committee of this unit formulated the " two - way supervision of the grass - roots organs " and the " sensitive issue , " and other measures , which require that all major issues involving the immediate interests of officers and men and the building of the troops be made public in the whole process after listening to the opinions of the grassroots officers and men .
the units have set up dissidents and posters to open up a " board of words " on the regional network to extensively collect your views and suggestions .
in the beginning of this year , the party committee organs of the armed forces extensively solicited the opinions of the officers and men before the construction of the renovation work of the dormitory building , and then issued the tender information to the public .
it has saved both the funds and the support of the officers and men .
the formation of a fine atmosphere at the grassroots level has been brought about by the open and just handling of affairs .
in this unit , the grass - roots company , whether it is a major or a sensitive matter of hot - spot affairs , is still a matter of the daily expenses of individual visits to visit relatives and friends , and for the purpose of making regular public announcement and consciously accepting the supervision of the masses .
( international ) research shows that housing looking - in is related to two genes changes .
xinhua news agency , london , july 2 , icelandic scientists found through research that the risk of the change in two genes in the body was far higher than ordinary people .
according to the latest issue of the " natural " magazine , the research personnel of iceland 's " ultrasonic , " have been discovered after the investigation of the gene of several thousand people from iceland , sweden , the united states , and hong kong .
scientists found the two gene positions that played an important role in the early days of heart development .
looking at the homeless housing , it is one of the most common cardiac stimulants , which may lead to lingering fear , shortness of breath , fatigues , and the pawn .
according to a report published on 1 july , the research personnel of the " transgenic and transfusion corporation " have also found two kinds of genes in the human chromosomes , and they have played a certain role in the history of over one - third of the cases .
the study also found that one of the genes is also likely to reduce the risk of the hepatitis ii diabetes while enhancing the risk of the previous gene .
( sports ) us old man may retire after soothe american cup
xinhua news agency , malawi ( venezuela ) , july 3 , by reporter jian liu
venezuelan media reported today that the 37 - year - old man , who is a 37 - year - old man , said in an interview here that he would choose to retire if he was unable to find a suitable club .
" if the american cup is concluded four to six weeks after the end of the cup , i will not be able to get a high - level soccer tournament in a one to two - season contract , then it may be a good choice for me .
in the wake of the falling of the gravel grad in germany , the team also left the team of the two season .
despite the fact that kdnet has been able to get a hand in hand , he is obviously not worried about his own family , and he himself has said that at present , there are more than eight teams that are willing to invite them to join the league .
however , this old man , who had served in the west a , england , and germany league , said that the final choice of him would be determined by the family , " my child has been nine years old , and he has been waiting in three different countries , and i now have to consider how to be more beneficial to my family . "
the gold cup , which ended not long ago , has been successful in helping the united states win the championship .
he was still the main coach of the american cup , but he was unable to meet the enemy , and the united states is not a powerful opponent like argentina and paraguay , and he has been wearing seven times the door to the defense .
the next round of the game between the united states and colombia will be the last to be played by the united states and the european union .
( overseas involvement in china ) black berstrawberries will land in chinese market at the end of august
xinhua news agency , ottawa , july 4 , according to a report by the canadian " global post " on the 4 th , after eight years of efforts , the first batch of the black strawberries of the company , in the country , have finally been approved to enter the chinese market , and the first batch of black strawberries will be listed in china by the end of august .
the chief executive officer - in - chief executive officer of the mobile phone company , rawlings , said that he would introduce the new strawberries to commercial customers in beijing , shanghai , guangzhou , and other major cities in china .
the " global post " quoted a manager of the beijing office in dongguan as saying that black strawberries will land in china 's market at the end of august , and the price is about us $ 700 . at present , it has already received 5,000 orders .
the listing of apple computer last week has made people more and more concerned about smartphone , a competitor from the ifc , and a black strawberries , have been sold in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , the number of black strawberries , which are in operation , reached 1.2 million , and the total number of users has reached 9200,000 .
( international ) spain : arrest of masked wife
xinhua news agency , madrid , july 7 , a spanish woman was attacked by the mongolian culprits , and she was shocked to find that the murderer was his own husband and the police had already arrested him .
according to local media reports , the woman was working at a paula dobriansky .
one day , a mongolian man intruded into the shop , and she thought that it was a banker and told him that he had left in the incident .
however , the man did not take money , but pinched the woman 's neck - high and wanted to kill her .
she wanted to use the method of the death to evade the el , but the man still did not let her , or even kicking her .
in the fight , the woman was shocked to find that the person was her husband .
the assailants were arrested by the police .
the woman told the media that due to the lack of feelings , she and her husband are now in the process of divorce and they have two children .
13 pilots quit wuhan airlines to claim compensation of over 100 million yuan
xinhua news agency , wuhan , july 11 th , by reporter yangyang liu
the 13 pilots have tendered their resignation , and the huge compensation of the " dongfeng " china eastern airlines , china 's eastern airlines , is the largest labor dispute resolution of the amount of compensation .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is currently examining the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the dongshen company successively tendered their resignation and were rejected by the company .
after that , the pilot put forward a request to the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee in early june , asking for an end to the labor relationship with the wuhan company .
after receiving the notice , the wuhan airlines made a lawsuit against the case , asking 13 pilots to pay a total of more than 6 million yuan in losses caused by the labor contracts , including more than 10 million yuan , and a total of 1.05 billion yuan .
it has been learned that the contracts signed between the pilots and the east airlines are not a fixed period of labor contracts . in addition to the conditions of the suspension or the cancellation of the agreement on labor contracts , the effect of the labor contract will continue to reach the statutory retirement age of the pilot .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee tried the case and handled the case together with the case . it is expected that the case will be concluded before august 8 .
( international ) germany calls for russia to pass border treaty with latin america
xinhua news agency , july 12 ( reporter yang dehong ) german foreign minister steinmeier , who is on a visit to latvia , called on the russian side to pass the border treaty as soon as possible .
on the same day , the two sides discussed the relationship between the two countries and the cooperation between latvia and the european union , and exchanged views and views on the development of relations between the european union and russia .
at a news conference after the talks , schwarzenegger called on the russian side to pass the border treaty as soon as possible .
the progress of the improvement of relations between latvia and russia in the entire baltic region is relatively slow , and the process of the signing of the latin american - russian border treaty has witnessed the development of the relations between the two countries . however , the " shadow of history " may also lead to a retrogression in the relations between the two countries , and it is hoped that the russian side will be able to use the russian - russian border treaty as soon as possible to promote the development of bilateral relations .
on 27 march this year , after a decade of negotiations , the prime minister of latvia and russian prime minister fradkov signed the border treaty in moscow .
on 17 may , the latin american parliament passed the border treaty between the two countries .
according to the latvian media , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
( international ) dprk and rok to hold sixth military - level talks
xinhua news agency , pyongyang , july 16 th , by reporter haorong gao
the two sides agreed to hold the sixth military - level talks on 24 - 26 june at panmunjon , a military representative from the dprk and the rok .
according to a report by the dprk central news agency , pak lin - su , a representative of the dprk military and the people 's army , put forward a proposal on establishing a joint fishing zone in the dprk 's western waters from the yanping island to the white island . he also explained in detail the reasons for this .
he said : to establish a common fishing area , we must implement the principle of seeking national prosperity and common prosperity and safeguarding peace and stability .
speaking on the issue of the existing sea boundaries between the two sides , park lin - su said : in order to prevent military conflicts between the two sides in the western waters , the two sides should give up their respective sea boundaries , recognize and respect each other 's right to the sea , and regard the relevant agreements between the dprk and the rok , the armistice agreement , and the universally recognized international law as the basis for consultations .
he said : formulating military support measures in a timely manner to promote cooperation and exchange between the dprk and the rok is the " consistent stand " of the dprk military .
he said : the rok side should take military measures at present to ensure that the dprk 's non - governmental vessels can directly enter hong kong from the sea port of the state , and the free flow of ships in the jinzhou strait .
this was the second routine military meeting between the two sides of the dprk and the republic of korea ( rok ) following the 10 th of this month .
the fifth dprk - rok military meeting was held in the " unified cabinet " on 8 - 11 may at panmunjon .
( international ) modern motor vehicles deny their intention to buy volvo
xinhua news agency , seoul , july 18 , south korea 's hyundai motor said on the 18 th in seoul that the company has no intention to buy any brand of its brand .
the sunday times and the new york times have reported the news that ford may sell volvo .
the " sunday times " even more reported in the report that hyundai motor is a potential buyers of volvo .
a spokesman for the modern automobile company said : " we have no interest in purchasing volvo , the czech republic , or the road , " and " at this moment we are busy implementing our own expansion plan , and we are simply too busy to do so . "
in 1999 , ford bought $ 645 million worth of volvo brands from sweden 's volvo group .
at present , volvo , luhu , and the czech republic are all the chief motor vehicle group , which belongs to ford .
in march this year , the ford , who was in a loss of 848 million us dollars , sold the azimeus , and last month it said it was considering selling the road hu and the czech republic .
( sports ) cuba has complained that the rope skipping is too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 , by reporter weihua and cold tong chen
the cuban delegation complained on the 21 st that the rope skipping of the pan - us games is too short , which will affect the performance of the punjab level .
according to the rules of the international boxing association , the length of the rope skipping in international competitions should be 60.1 meters , but according to the cuban delegation 's boxing team coach , the length of the pan - us games is one meter short than the standard .
luo said : " we have submitted a formal protest because this incident is not a country that affects cuba , but involves people .
rope skipping is too short that can affect the handlers ' flashing activities . "
he also jokingly said : " if you do n't find a rope in the olympic games to meet the standards of the olympic games , you will be able to find other places .
as early as we know , we brought from cuba . "
the mexican and colombian delegations also expressed dissatisfaction over the length of the rope skipping .
although colombia 's bodyguards , although they won the first battle , he said : " although i have won the first match , it is too narrow , i feel that i am not comfortable . "
the export of milk and dairy products back to overseas orders
xinhua news agency report of july 24 from shanghai ( by staff reporter xu shousong and yu lihong ) - the reporter learned from the guansheng ( group ) company limited that the large - scale white sugar , which has been held in the shanghai port , has been resumed in the past few days , and many overseas distributors have been required to add orders .
in singapore , mr. lin qingrong , a publisher and a funan company , said a few days ago that the results of the sample tests of the great white sugar in the farming and veterinary bureau of singapore were not included , and that it was necessary to increase the order in the market .
the taisheng company , a publisher of the guansheng garden in malaysia , said that it has demanded that the guansheng garden immediately send a large amount of white sugar from shanghai to malaysia .
the hong kong special administrative region ( hksar ) food safety centre , ltd , has also called cornell university in hong kong , saying that the hong kong food safety centre had taken a sample of the sweetened vegetables from the hong kong supermarket and confirmed that they had no deformalities .
the hongkong and shanghai banking corporation limited has been informed by the hong kong resources supermarket that it has decided to resume the sale of a large amount of dairy sugar in more than 100 shops in hong kong .
it has been learned that the export of the ten containers in the shanghai port has been gradually restored .
at present , there are seven containers in the region of the republic of china , and the sugar is being sent to singapore , costa rica , malaysia , india , nepal , the united states , and other countries .
( international ) suspects arrested for manufacturing british supermarket bombs
xinhua news agency , london , july 26 , the british police announced on july 26 that the suspect in the production of a " special - purchase " supermarkets bomb threat in britain was arrested in the county of the city of the country on july 23 .
police said that the man was called philadelphia , 51 , a unemployed person and he would be charged with blackmail and making a bomb hoax .
on the afternoon of july 14 ( saturday ) , 14 " special - purpose " supermarkets in britain were closed to business until the next day due to the threat of bombs .
at the peak of the british people 's purchase at supermarkets , the closing of 14 supermarkets at that time resulted in the loss of the sale income of millions of pounds of chain supermarket .
the british police then conducted a criminal investigation into the threat of the bomb , and announced that there were no signs of terrorist activities in the incident , but there might be some economic motives behind the incident .
( sports ) flowers change the flower - like period into a spectacular " tomorrow of the beijing olympic games "
xinhua news agency , beijing , july 28 ( reporter cui junqiang ) when the olympic games are held next year , beijing 's high temperature and humid august is expected to become a flower - like sea .
through technological means such as changing the flowers phase and other means , scientific research personnel have found a good plan to increase the color of the olympic games .
at the " summer olympic flower show " project appraisal meeting held in beijing on 28 august , experts have concluded that the use of the method of promoting the cultivation of new technology and the variety of flowers and the variety of flowers , which are different in the same period , can produce the best results in the eight months of the beijing olympic games .
in the summer of beijing , we can only see more than 10 flowers that are full of flowers , and most of the flowers have already been in the doldrums , or they are still far from being ready to release them .
through efforts , scientific research personnel selected 206 , 400 , and more than 400 types of products for the summer olympics .
the " 2007 olympic flower show , " which was held at the haidian park in beijing , was the first anniversary of the opening of the beijing olympic games . a number of flowers that were carefully cultivated by scientific research personnel in the past eight months will be used to greet the visitors with bright flowers .
turkish ruling party wins parliament election
xinhua news agency , ankara , july 30 ( reporter wang jian ) - the final result of the 23 rd parliament election released by the turkish supreme election committee on the 30 th showed that the ruling justice and development party has won 341 seats in the 550 seats , and the party has once again obtained the right to form a cabinet .
in the parliamentary election held on july 22 , the main opposition party won 112 seats .
the party won 71 seats in the election .
apart from the three political parties mentioned above , 26 other non - party personages were elected members .
the new turkish parliament will hold its first meeting on august 4 .
at that time , all members will be sworn in and will begin to perform their duties .
the parliament will then elect a new speaker through secret ballot .
the turkish parliament election was originally scheduled to be held in november , but in the presidential election at the end of april , the opposition party , the only candidate , the deputy prime minister and foreign minister of justice and development , and the failure of the presidential election led to the failure of the parliament election .
the central discipline inspection commission and i am worried about the effect of your " deadline for fighting corruption "
[ english ] [ 13 ] text version ] [ 10 ]
since 30 may , the central commission for discipline inspection has issued a period of time to corrupt elements in all parts of the country , that is , to 30 june , the cpc central committee will not take the initiative to deal with such a period of time .
i heard that the public could not help but be dumbfounded , and the police tried to steal a small - scale theft one month ago , and immediately told the public that they had the initiative to take the initiative , otherwise , what was the world going against corruption ?
did n't this mean to tell the corrupt officials to rush to the net ahead of schedule , to immediately transfer the crime ?
what is the intention ?
this is not so , so it is hard to say anything .
in other words , even if they really play a role , how can the effect be achieved ?
can we curb and deter corrupt officials ?
we do not rule out what we will do , but how much less should we run ?
and they do not say that the anti - corruption discipline inspection commission has achieved great results , but it seems that the other role has been played .
that is , the corrupt officials in various localities have been very pleased to have the pleasure of the masses , and they will thank the central commission for discipline inspection .
it is sufficient to quickly divert the capital to a month 's time .
if i am corrupt , i will absolutely not take the initiative to declare it .
the corrupt officials were all happy to show this way : ha , thanks .
it is really incomprehensible to all the 100 - name characters , and how can this anti - corruption drive be so difficult to take a resolute and decisive step ?
how big will such anti - corruption work play ?
in short , the central discipline inspection commission and i am worried about the results of your " deadline for fighting corruption .
land is not privatized as the bottom line of my heart and soul
[ original text version ] [ 3 ] by 2007 - 01 - 03 ]
land is not privatized as the bottom line of my heart and soul
i think i am a person who is not easy to angry , at least i myself feel so .
he has always made speeches at the forum , which is still rational , and it is very often time to lose his wisdom and nonsense .
i have always maintained a high degree of confidence and earnest expectations of the party central committee , and no matter how the reform measures are not in line with my concept , i can accept these measures as one of the " characteristics .
however , once the land is started privatization ( or privatization in disguised form ) , all this will lose its foundation for existence .
it is only natural resources that we have lost thousands of troops , and that we have no national land and land resources .
labor and land resources are the fundamental thing of a country .
as long as the nature of land resources is not changed , the nature of this country is not easy to change , and once the nature of land resources is changed , it will basically change .
i am not a communist party member , but i clearly remember that i have the following promises : " i love the motherland , love the people , do a good job in studying , and be ready to make contributions to the communist cause ! "
" we should study diligently , work actively , bear hardships and hardships , enjoy later , and strive for the cause of communism ! "
like me , people who once vowed to sing " we are socialist successors " should remember their promise if they are not shameless .
if you have betrayed your own pledge and asked you to stand up to the side of the " communist " , and do not think about how to sell this signboards to the masses .
of course , we are willing to have all these worries too many , but we are willing to keep our wisdom and peace forever .
we must remember that " we are socialist successors .
what can be done without a shift ?
the feeling of a generation or two times
in the previous period , some people proposed that the 30 - year - old people would support mao ?
he was changed to 20 years old .
as a matter of fact , the people of this age have never experienced the mao zedong era , and they do not know whether or not the people who have put forward this issue have been the brain of the past .
in cities , people who have the most right to speak about the mao zedong era should have experienced the hard times , and in other words , people who have suffered the hard times , should be born between 1950 and 1960 .
after their birth , their parents took part in the movement and did not give their children relatively love .
when they need nourishment , they will be able to catch up with the three - year natural disaster and suffer from hunger .
they started to go to school and met with the cultural revolution , thus turning them into a few years of learning .
some of them have been forced to give up their studies and respond to the party 's call , go down to the countryside , and support the border .
after their work , they held that the working class was the most honorable and voluntary , and that they chose the most dirty work .
glorious times , the nest capsule had a life .
when they were married , only one child was married after another .
their long - term wages were that the enterprises had no diploma and they could not go up because they did not have a diploma .
the hard work of cincinnati has brought the children to a great extent , and they have been laid off for their children to complete the basic education , and they have been able to catch up with the reform of the education system .
as their age is increasing every day , their health is beginning to get sick , and their medical system reform is unfortunate . as a result , they are unable to receive medical expenses because they are unable to pay medical expenses .
we can see that the entire society is unfairness , and it is merciless to fall in their generation of people .
however , among these people , they did not oppose mao zedong and attack mao zedong .
why ?
they are not the slaves of mao zedong , and they have blood and the real life of the people in our society , from the village of the upper reaches of the mountain to the personal experience of laid - off workers , and they are facing the social phenomena of the two times .
although they do not have enough food , clothing , and the bad social phenomena of the mao zedong era , as well as some other social phenomena , they have many dissatisfaction and even hatred , but they still think that the mao zedong era is good .
some of the parents of the internet users are the generation , you can chat with them .
author : march 3 , 2005 06 : 16
" vaccinated " cancer " in western melons and pees " and " cartons "
[ ellipses as published ] [ 3 ] text version ] [ 7 ] of the text of the text of the cable message in 2007 - 19 , i remember that hainan 's western melons were injected with the chemical weapons , and the result was that a large number of western melons and vegetables were in the soil , and a large amount of melons and vegetables were in the mountains .
the cctv later carried a follow - up report , and it was confirmed that there was no such thing at all .
at the beginning , this report was very unusual , because it is impossible to use a large - scale western melons and drums one after another , not only in any practical sense , but also in the workload .
last year 's memory was even more clear , and some media reports said that hainan 's tsiu tzu has caused the diseases of human cancer , and that the bananas will be killed .
as a result , many people misunderstood that the bananas would suffer from cancer , and the result was that the bananas in hainan had been falling prices , and the peasants were in a big way , and they were in tears .
the reason why the above two reports had caused a sensation was that they had a direct bearing on the most sensitive issue in people 's nerves , that is , the issue of food safety .
if the media says that certain food will endanger health , then it will certainly be spread to 10 , 10 , and 100 percent of the targets involved , and people will generally adopt an attitude of not believing it , and it will be impossible for a person to eat a few of hainan 's grapes and bananas .
not long ago , beijing again made a big blow to food safety , because the prices of pork went up , and some people even went so far as to make the carton boxes , and this was a carton box .
after i heard it , i was also deeply shocked , and felt that the small drug traffickers were too able to study the method of the people , and that the news was widely spread , warning the family and friends not to buy it .
however , it was suddenly reported yesterday that the report of the carton boxes was a false news , and the whole thing was made by a person . therefore , at the same time when it was released , what was the naked media today ?
the truth i have learned from the reliable channels is that the " transparency " column of the beijing tv station 's daily life channel , the temporary personnel of the beijing tv station , the " transparency " column , and the " transparency " column , which was bought from the market , and gave the people a carton boxes , and made a cover .
the company took a production process with its own home - made dots , and then was broadcast by deception .
now , the public security organs have carried out criminal detention on a criminal suspect in accordance with the law and dealt with the case in a serious manner .
after the boucher incident , the government promptly organized relevant departments to investigate the incident and conducted an all - round and thorough inspection of beijing 's breakfast market to ensure the safety of the ordinary people 's table .
after the incident was confirmed , beijing tv station has openly apologized to the public , profoundly learned lessons from the incident , and seriously investigated and dealt with relevant personnel , and will further strengthen management and plug up loopholes , and resolutely stop false and false news reports .
however , although the carton boxes are in the limelight , it is still not known when people dare to go to the small stall .
this incident also reflected the government 's emphasis on food safety and the rapid actions taken by the government . to a certain extent , it also shows that the chinese people 's table is still relatively safe , and the incident has been a laughingstock of the incident .
who should be responsible for education ?
recently , when i heard the news from a school at home , i could not help but have a feeling .
the incident occurred in a private secondary school in shanghai - southwest china school .
the schools have decided to introduce the best teacher arrangement to the three schools , which have been signed in the early stage of the school , and to allow a few young teachers who have no high - grade teaching experience and have not been good in the past to take a few other classes from the outside schools or not to sign a contract .
the reason is that the students who have signed the agreement to give up the examination of other senior secondary schools , so schools should ensure that they are the best teachers in accordance with the agreement .
the attitude of other classes of students is : opportunities for teachers to train .
this cannot help but arouse my feelings : who is responsible for education ?
i remember that many years ago when i was studying a key senior high school , the whole class had been dissatisfied with the teaching level of a mathematics teacher , and no matter how high it was , it was a collective signature for the school to replace the teacher .
the school later provided us with the same teacher as the school 's commitment to each student on an equal footing , and to every student .
he has been to the united states for 10 years to graduate student .
in the course of the next term in the summer , the department found that all the election courses in the department were theoretical , and some of the courses that should be applied were not arranged .
i started to talk to the director of the department and told him that there were problems in the course .
the director of the department admitted that there was no such courses as the lack of teacher qualifications , and that the teacher could have been opened for two years .
i remember to him at that time : " this is your problem , not me .
the reason for me to read the books from shanghai to your own school is that i have been attracted by your courses .
if you do not have the ability to set up these courses , you should not put them in the introduction , otherwise this is a false advertising , and it is irresponsible to me and my family . "
the director of the department asked me about it , saying , " then i can see how to resolve it . "
it may be too late because all courses have been arranged for registration on the internet .
after three weeks , the director of the department talked to me , and the main purpose was to tell me that his work was to be responsible to every student , including every student .
he listened to my proposal and made the greatest efforts to increase the ability of the two candidates , and hoped that i could understand them .
after this incident occurred , i had a few door courses for the director of the department .
he did not have a biased view on me because i had given him , and every door study was very unfair to me .
on the eve of his graduation , i heard his secretary , saying that he had made the greatest efforts to every student , but not all students thanked him .
at the graduation ceremony , as the honorary student representative , i told the department director : we are grateful to him for all the things he has done for us , because he has done his best to be responsible to every person .
i feel that i have made a correct choice of going to school here .
when i mentioned here , i see that there is a hidden tears in the eyes of the director of the department , and if every chinese educational worker and the entire educational system can be responsible to every student , i think that the day of china 's real leap is not far away .
c . napster on the basis of azeus
last sunday , the four - member men 's volleyball team in the central state of new york took part in a six - and - a - half - hour volleyball tournament , and we finally won the championship .
the competition is actually for the purpose of preparing to participate in the new york state summer games , which will be held on the volleyball tournament .
in the middle of new york , the four men 's singles , the university team , the 35 - year - old group , and the 45 - year - old group will be divided into four groups and each team will be divided into two groups .
the competition rules are interesting and can only be launched after the match , and the ball can not be removed from the 3 - meter line . only one person can stop the internet and not be replaced .
therefore , it is basically the case of testing the strength of strong offensive and defensive judgment .
our team had a two - meter relay , and the attack was both a strong point and a high point . more than 60 percent of the attacks and scores were all carried out by him . one meter , one meter , and one single person was blocked by the network .
a one - meter - long deputy attack was made in the rear row and there were many mistakes in attack .
in addition , i was the main thrust of one meter and 75 meters of the attack , and the success rate could still be calculated by the other side .
there are seven teams , first of all , in a round - the - world competition , after our team won one victory after another , the magistrate repeatedly decided that the chinese side should get involved in the attack , thus greatly affecting the morale of our side and the loss of three .
however , everybody was also calm and coordinated with the three of them , thus starting to win a victory .
when the circle is over , our team has three wins and three losses , and we have to be ranked sixth in the second place .
in addition to the first team , two to seven team members were arrested to the head - to - head competition .
our team 's psychological and tactical stability is to be strong in the first place , and to take the lead in the second half of the year .
the opponents of the opponents were strong and weak , and they had a blue and purple in their arms . however , once they took up one of them , they were glad to be able to make a success of one round .
i do n't know how many points were gained in the final analysis .
at the end of the finals , the opponent attacked the balance , and the chinese side made many attacks , and took the lead in the world .
at the end of the 2 : 24 , the chinese side held a match , and the other side was called me to take off , 23 : 24 , and the chinese team should run to me , saying that there is no connection between two ball .
the next round of the ball is to fly to me , and i have been well received , and the second one is to be handed over to me for the settlement of the battle .
let 's also talk about morality
for individuals who are scattered about zero tolerance , there are already a lot of things about morality .
in this regard , i have nothing to say .
now i think what i am talking about is about the collective .
we often have to meet collective needs .
for a collective , it is necessary to have some moral standards .
we can often find some very good morality among those successful collectives .
this is not accidental .
because as far as these undertakings or activities are concerned , it is necessary to overcome certain difficulties before one 's eyes , unite as one , and eliminate those factors that are based on belief , i think that they are good morality that can not be neglected .
at least , the minimum standard of morality is very low , and it is very difficult for a group of people to make a success .
it may be because the wisdom of the long - term interests can be seen from a rational and long - term perspective is a quality that must be succeeded by a collective .
as a matter of fact , the collective often uses various methods to obtain ido , for example , the word , and belief , and so on , and so on .
only in the morning , in white land , in the evening , can the road of living be covered with orchid .
( proposition ) up to now , have there been several real joy ?
i am a good friend of senior high school , and finally get a visa , then i can go to the cows school on the west coast of the united states at the end of august .
a few of the students gathered here today , and they were really happy to see the result that they were finally willing to fulfill their goals .
seeing that she was so happy , i was really happy with admiration .
think so much about it , only when i was a senior high school , i was so happy that i had never thought that i was able to enter the city 's top - notch school , and after that , i had been able to study and work at the university , and i did not have that happy to do so .
it was not for me to go to the university , so i was not happy to talk about it .
during the university period , the only thing is that they can go to the north after graduation and cooperate with me in the gg for two years .
he put forward a separate proposal in the month before my graduation , and i had all the illusions about him .
after that , i have returned to work in the northern region . as of today , i have been working in a medium - sized car for two years , but i have never been so happy .
i am very happy to have a chat with the good friends today , and i am very happy to see her pleasure and the preparations for the war in the past year , and finally to smoothly go abroad and start a new life , and that dream is really very happy .
i do n't plan to continue reading , nor do i like the life of foreign countries .
seeing the happiness of good friends , i do n't want to see it , what i pursue ?
what could make me so happy once again ?
it is possible to find someone who really likes me and is willing to be finished with me .
i think at that time , i will be crying out with emotion , like my good friend , saying that when she was able to get the pass through the embassy interview , she could not afford to cry , worried that she had finally made a return .
and i ?
in the feelings of feelings , once again , the combat readiness was handled in a prudent manner , and when i was able to be able to fulfill my wishes , and i was happy to cry back .
perhaps , i did not have any interest , i did not worry about my own cause , but only did i have feelings ?
when did my feelings come to an end ?
on this issue , i have always been very difficult .
you dots in ziyou , are you ?
did you really have several times before you live ?
promotional efforts to promote east china construction institute
ha ha , ha , also a briefing to the alumni of the east university .
my latest information on the first hand has been added to my own experience , like a false exchange .
president wang , secretary - general an , and teacher li of the ministry of human resources also attended the report , and several other teachers of the building science and technology research office took part in the report . i spoke one hour and half an hour , and then everyone talked about it .
after the formal report was completed , teacher zhang ( assistant president ) put me on the side and said to me the door to the office .
he was very amiable , and the door was told me that he had nothing to say at the formal meeting . he said that he had no say about the future income , so he told me about the specific conditions of the teachers ' income of the building academy .
before the report , president wang gave a brief account of the building institute , saying that there were only six key disciplines of the national construction institute , two in the east , two in qinghua , one in the same way , one in the same way , and one in the same way .
he said the state has attached great importance to building energy conservation , green construction and construction technology in recent years , and the east wants to introduce a teacher in this respect .
he said that they had received more than 20 biographical notes on the direction , and that there were japan , the united states ( it seemed to be one of me ) .
the building academy has attached great importance to this , and has also conducted serious investigations on those who should be hired .
compared with some other institutions of higher learning , the eastern university is indeed in a relatively leading position , and the urban planning should exceed the east - west , but it seems that the east can be a little bit more than that before ( i did not expect ) .
president wang said that in the past two years , the institute of scientific research has been fully funded by the construction institute , which is a key construction project of the state .
he told me that last year , the above - mentioned funds for the construction of 10 million buildings in the east , of which 3.5 million were directly used for the purchase of a book of the building academy 's professional library ( ha ha ha ) , which i had to be given a lot of money .
and the remaining ones are almost all used for purchasing my specialized testing equipment .
it is said that there are quite a few academicians .
ho ha - hyok said , a bit of imported equipment , i seem to have been slaughtered .
in the united states , it is a very common practice for a survey room , and it is estimated that the united states will be able to take it out , with the result that it has spent 50,000 yuan !
in other circumstances , many of the houses in the east have been moved to the new kowloon lake area , but the construction institute has to resolutely stay in the new school area . however , it is necessary to let the students have a good building atmosphere , and some of the old school buildings can be seen , and there are no new schools .
ha ha , it seems to have a deshtop , because other systems have been moved away , and the building institute still needs a building .
so , president wang kaifa told me that he could give me an independent office .
it was very difficult to say that when president wang said this incident , i did not feel anything .
later , teacher zhang told me that this was not easy to take me , because the office was very tense , and some old professors did not have an independent office .
i am very uneasy , it seems that i still do n't understand the national conditions too much .
in short , i have been very happy with my visit to the east , and the leadership of the great east china construction institute and the relevant teachers ' performance have left a very good impression on me .
it is hoped that the institute will continue to lead the development .
the will sound on the huai river in the clouds of the qin river
no one in the world can cast no one 's seat at all .
two weeks ago , i had dinner with my colleagues and saw off the owner .
this boss can be said to be a woman , and we are also willing to work for her , and even the evening and weekend class . this is the best owner in the americans . she is also the best owner who has worked for me .
it is because it is necessary to take care of the family , and more time to educate the children , and she left the company and opened the mathematics revision class for primary and secondary school students .
it is believed that she will succeed in doing anything !
receiving care and attention from africa , sun yanshao was hit by a rock
take care of children .
this show is " old memory " .
after the congo , sun yanshan took the world outlook twice , and went to niger , africa .
at yesterday 's press conference , she admitted that she was the most tired in history .
when the local hot weather was hot , drinking water was begged by the people , and visiting the bazaars , the camel was also injured by the camel .
on the way out , let her cry in his heart : " i want to go home ! "
shocked by the malnutrition of small friends
for three years running , he has participated in the activities of caring for the poor children of the world .
she was carrying 30 bottles of vitamin , 40 mobile phone handsets , and 500 candy and 500 local children .
she said that the experience has been accumulated on many occasions , and the number of small gifts that do not have enough time to take .
the most serious problem in niger is that the mother does not fully understand the problem of child birth , and there are serious malnutrition among the small friends .
during the journey from the niger capital of eight hours to 500 kilometers away , sun yanfeng experienced a huge amount of sand storms that could be seen in the area .
as a result , they swallowed people to take the rain and the whole sky to change the sky .
the car used to make a feast for feats .
looking back at that time , sun yanjiao revealed that although in the car , he was very afraid .
after hearing the locals ' explanation that sandstorms were a good symbol of the movement , which brought the rain to the land , she could only give her a little thought .
together with local residents .
regret over mama 's problem of child education
when arriving at tavar , local officials held a welcoming ceremony for the camel and asked sun yanjiao to accept the camel to accept the local people .
however , the camel camel was frightened by the lights and was not subjected to the control of the sun yanjiao .
at the end of the sun yanfeng , she was not careful about the application to break the clothes , and left some eight centimeters long in the back .
during this trip , sun yanfeng visited four seriously malnutrition children in the area , including four large babies with a weight of 2.1 kilograms , totally different from one person .
she said : " we can see that his condition is really too exaggeration , but it should be a matter of mama and should teach them a correct nutritional concept . "
the key reporter of china 's education is humankind .
key topic : china 's education reporter at a time when people are busy with china 's education .
the purpose of education is to enable those who are educated to be more vulnerable to survival and enjoyment in the existing social environment .
" survival " is very good , and " enjoy " people may be simple to understand that it is not like this . in fact , the scope of " enjoyment " here is very wide .
reporter : the increase in physical strength and the strengthening of mental strength
1 . the enhancement of physical strength through various physical exercises , the enhancement of coordination , the constant enhancement of physical capacity , the adequate needs of physical operation , and the needs of social dealings .
2 . the reporter 's ability to increase his mind can better understand the society in which he has a better understanding of what he has learned , learn to deal with other people , and learn how to adapt to survival and experience .
the above - mentioned expositions on education are not related to this article , but are now focusing on the following issues : the key reporter of china 's education is the focus of discussion .
the nature of humanity is : fully understand the difference between individual and individual , and it is not the same as the same .
club original : learning from basins several common stages
the club has created a few common stages in learning basins : i am taking a step forward .
1 . in the first stage , the first stage of the project : the initial knowledge of the basel , if the orthodox feeling , has been put into practice immediately . however , it is not thorough enough to learn the ideas of the basins , and it is often used to make a lot of mistakes , and the effects are sometimes not used .
2 . in the second stage , after a period of study and practice , almost every " education person " has been considering several issues : for example , what should be done by the baton with chinese characteristics ?
did the theory of barter use flexibly in china ?
can it be better than barcelona ?
therefore , at this stage , the main purpose is to find barter theory with a blind eye to its own characteristics .
after some time of practice , the results have been sometimes not sustained , and if it is good , it will be better to eat some things and turn around at an early date .
3 . the third stage : the return of barcelona and after several totals , we can finally understand that it is an ordinary person , and it is not a genius .
the requirement for self - reliance should be low , and it is completely adequate for the elderly to learn and study basins .
the simplest way of doing things is the most effective , but the simple method often includes very profound principles , and only after we understand these principles can we do a better job in simple terms .
the performance of this stage is short - term and has long - term effects and sustainability .
4 . in the fourth stage , after the " stubborn " auffeur athletic performance has tasted the sustainable results , the theory of the bahamas has basically been tenacious in this stage , and it is totally ignoring the attitude of the non - barcelona company .
it is necessary to continuously study and deepen understanding of the bahamas and use it in practice , and the performance of this stage is more and more effective , continuous , and entering a benign cycle .
at each stage , the time required for each person is not necessarily related to the personal situation and the transportation capacity .
fossett made his whole mind to buddha ( 2365 593 ) 14 : 18
he was an old internet friend of mine , which was a story in the group .
i would rather write this story in this column .
i hope that everyone will see this article , not looking forward to whether it can become the so - called quintessence , but some of them have some principles , and they can often get a good understanding from a short story of being a little sounder .
this is a very cold story that makes people look after after .
i really hope this is only a story . [ ellipses as published ] .
the three beautiful female drivers on the mountain , who had been in the limelight , forced the female driver to stop and play with the female driver , and the female driver was anxious to rescue the female driver . all the passengers kept quiet out of fear .
a middle - aged weak man , who had been hit by the fire , was injured .
the man , who raised a big uproar by the whole vehicle , was forced to stop the atrocities , but no one was responded to by the female driver , who was dragged to a bush in the mountains .
after half a year , the three culprits returned to the entire female driver who was properly dressed .
the woman then got out of the car and the woman was pushed out of the limb man who was injured by blood .
the man was unwilling to take a stubborn attitude .
hello , you get out of the car , i do n't take your car .
the middle - aged man was anxious to say , " why do n't you say anything , i want to save you ?
can you save me ?
what did you save me ?
the female driver flatly denied that he had stolen a few passengers .
the middle - aged man is extremely angry about his own life .
the rescue people did not save their lives , but they did not have the result of being expelled from the car , and he was resolutely unable to do so .
then i bought the tickets , i have the right to board the car !
the driver mercilessly said : " i can't get out of the car .
i did not expect that all the members of the car who had just been familiar with the atrocities , but , if they just wake up , advised the man with one heart and one mind : you have to go to the scene soon , we still have something to delay .
a few big passengers , even want to delay the middle - aged man 's alighting , causing people to think of the situation in the " yangxin " .
three bandits shouted loudly and laughed .
some of the black rogue states have no sense of shame , saying : " the gospel has put her in a position !
two other accomplices also spoke nonsense : she is a target of me , and you are like this !
a quarrel went straight to the man 's luggage and threw away the man 's luggage , and he was pushed down .
the car was driving steadily on the mountain path , and the female driver picked up his hair and asked a recorder .
as soon as the car arrived at the peak , the abducted women and children went to the mountain , and the left side of the car was a road of braving the mountain , and the right side was a great fall .
the car quietly accelerated and the female driver 's face was very calm , with his hands clinging tightly to the steering wheel , and the tears in his eyes .
a hooligan seems to be aware of what , saying : " slow opening , slow opening , what do you think about the tmd ?
the female driver did not say , and the speed was getting faster and faster .
the bandits attempted to launch a counterattack , but the car hit the cliff like the arrow that hit the cliff .
the next day , local newspapers reported : " the tragic disaster occurred in the fuhu mountain area yesterday , and one china and one pakistan fell to a cliff . "
the driver and 13 passengers on the vehicle were unknown .
the middle - aged people who had been driven out of the car for half a road were crying out by the newspaper .
nobody knows why he crying , why to cry .
the darkness of the railway station
a few days later , he went to the train and found the gangsters of the railway stations in the summer .
i want to know what the railway stations in various localities should pay attention to .
i am changsha , first talking about the changsha situation , and you must pay attention to the changsha railway station !
1 . the train tickets that will never be bought from the changsha railway station : it is absolutely impossible to buy the tickets for the opening of the school in every big and cold summer vacation .
when i asked the best answer to the question , the travel agency had to get all the votes .
however , there were a lot of money left over from the yellow cows .
2 . careful note : the vote on the hands of huang cattle and buffalos is not necessarily true , and the new one in hunan is that we must rely on false certificates to get rich , and one must rely on counterfeit currencies and counterfeit coins to make money . therefore , the false vote is really a lie !
it is the lowest level , and some false tickets are called a real one , and none of the car crew is the same !
3 . who took my note : i bought things from the stores of the railway station and was very careful !
if you want to give zero - note notes , ha ha , your money will always be short of the corner , so you have to change the big note .
however , after you changed the big note , the shop owner had to say that he could not get to the hands , and he was still short of the yuan , and you had to get back a false note .
4 . the devil sect found zero : it was not all the proprietors that changed your big note , that was a crime , and the risks were fairly great !
therefore , some proprietors of the " boldness " have no choice but to be a magic tactic , and you can see what he has called zero , but you have the chance to have your own several , ha ha , and a few .
5 . all of them are open to the outside world : the tea floor of the railway station is not too many , but you know .
the prices of a few poor - quality red wine can be sold out by the falungong cult , and if you do not come out , you may be aware of your mother .
6 . romel and the gun , many of the audio - visual rooms in the railway station , the headline of the program is still very attractive to us . therefore , if you look at it as a guest who wants to relax , you will immediately have a romance in the walkie - talkies , and of course , you will be able to be able to make a fuss about the consumption of the five - star hotel .
7 . ice and fire : if you are familiar with changsha 's voice or the changsha people , you will never want to hit the taxi in front of the station , and the taxi driver 's face can let you know what it is called the flying cream in june !
however , if you come to changsha for the first time , you are happy to go to the area of five minutes , and even if you have a warm feeling of the national - level tourist city , your driver will also be able to have a glimpse of the well - known heaters of the hebe , and you will be able to have a glimpse of the same local characteristics .
of course , you have to fare your own fare .
mtr driver in nanjing should undergo psychological adjustment as soon as possible
key term : psychological adjustment
according to xinhua news agency report , a sleeper train died in the nanjing subway on the evening of july 3 .
according to a reporter 's description , " zhu zhengting , aged 22 , was a young subway driver who had suffered a nightmare . when the reporter saw him yesterday , he was still not in the state of fear , and he was in a state of mind .
obviously , this young driver 's spirit has been greatly affected , and it is urgent to undergo psychological adjustment , otherwise it will be harmful to life .
it is not known whether everyone can remember that more than 10 years ago , the rescue staff of a little girl in a certain oil drilling in texas , the united states , after suffering from the long - term mental disorder , finally chose to end the painful life of the suicide .
at that time , although the simple psychological adjustment test of him was carried out , due to the fact that more attention was placed on the young girl who was rescued , the people who had been more in need of psychological adjustment were finally unable to avoid the tragedy .
similarly , in the cross - strait smuggling case a few years ago , the first british police opened the container , it was said that he was frightened by lust .
the british side then carried out a psychological adjustment test for more than two months before he was able to resume normal .
after being stimulated by a disaster , people will be greatly hurt by the mentality . at that time , it is very difficult for them to completely restore their personal strength , and they often leave the psychological wounds .
as these wounds are hard to find , it is very difficult to find out that there is no way to discover , and many people involved will suffer a lot of pain .
however , the people of our country did not have enough care for psychological trauma , especially the families or departments in charge of the parties concerned , and they often suddenly thought about it after they lost the best period of recovery .
now , after the diverse media are spreading , we often hear some heard of the incident , and many innocent women and children are harmed and many young children have seen the cruel harm of their parents .
after these young people were saved , very few people heard that they had been treated with psychological treatment , and more of them were told to have their family affection for them .
although the victim has been able to feel that he is already safe , the harm he has become a scum that can never cure the wound that will never be brought about , and the time will be awakened to the life of the parties concerned .
fortunately , this driver gave him a timely advice , and could also ease his spiritual pressure .
after all , the responsibility of the accident was not the driver , and the driver had taken measures when found the situation . he had done so , but did not stop the tragedy .
it is believed that even if the driver is not the driver at the scene , anyone at the scene will be threatened by the incident .
however , other people have no responsibility to be involved in the suicide case , and even though they have been threatened , they will gradually be forgotten with the time of development .
when the driver was so lucky , he had to remember that he would have to bear in mind his whole life .
if he can get rid of this , even if he cannot get rid of his departure , he will often be punished by this kind of frightening .
modern healthy concepts are more comprehensive than in the past , and mental health has begun to attract people 's attention .
it is regrettable that the human spirit is very frustrating , especially in cities , people 's mental health is very unsatisfactory , and the majority of people have some spiritual hidden dangers , and some people have not been able to pay enough attention to the problems .
think about the lessons of the " yang lijuan incident " in the previous stage , some irresponsible media turned a patient who had been tortured in the spiritual problem into a target of speculation , causing a very bad social impact .
in the future , this kind of incident should be avoided , otherwise our society will become a reality .
after the first phase of the new curriculum , five teachers in dongkou have been filled with emotion .
key words : after the first phase of the new curriculum of the five teachers , the first phase of the teachers , and the first batch of teachers in the new curriculum , the first batch of teachers of the first group of the five middle schools , who have attended the new curriculum from the morning of 13 july to 15 july , have truly felt the pressure and power of the new curriculum .
at the same time , they also believe that the new curriculum reform is a rare opportunity and challenge to the development of education in schools .
on the morning of the 13 th , the staff of the education bureau of the dongkou - longkou section , the several teachers and teachers in the dongkou section , and the suzuki section , have been sent to the city education bureau for the time being , and the training materials of the education bureau will continue to be moved .
at 2 : 30 pm , the teachers and students of the long journey took the heat of the long journey to the first and second - class cities and the six medium - sized multimedia classroom to listen to the experts ' lecture .
in the following two days , teachers or teachers have been listening to the lectures of the teaching materials or listening to the experience and lessons of the teachers in the new curriculum reform province , and some of them have taken part in the new training courses in the province .
on the morning of 15 july , after listening to all the training courses , the five teachers in the dongkou five , who were not hesitated to attend to the course , were all given a certificate of closing down after the examination .
during the training period , teachers of the dongkou five have conducted exchanges with each other , and at the beginning , they should feel that the new courses are relatively unfamiliar , the tasks are heavy , and the pressure is great .
however , after the training was completed , everyone felt that this was also an opportunity and a challenge .
they are determined to make efforts to readjust the knowledge structure and to fulfill the task of curriculum reform as far as possible .
the second batch of teachers taking part in the new curriculum had arrived at the relevant training sites on 16 november .
the dongkou middle and primary 5 will hold a new course training meeting and arrange for the city education bureau to take part in the course reform and training .
key words : holding new courses and training meetings in dongkou and wukou ;
at noon on 5 july , the dongkou middle school held a new training meeting , and arranged for the city education bureau to take part in the course reform and training , which was held in the school 's changshu school to attend the teachers ' meeting in the new summer training .
president xie conveyed the spirit of the new curriculum training conference he attended in the county , and expounded the significance of the new curriculum reform , and made specific arrangements for the personnel , time , fees , and pay attention to the training .
it has been learned that personnel attending the conference on the reform of the new curriculum in shaoyang city are the principal , teacher , and teacher of the next school year .
it is reported that the funds are allocated by the xinhua news agency .
first of all , the school heads and the director of the training , then the teacher 's training will be divided into three stages : the first phase ( the language , chemical , history , and biological ) will be the first floor of the city education bureau on july 13 , and they will be required to bring their identity cards and receive the relevant expenses .
at about 8 : 00 a.m . , 2 : 30 p.m .
by the morning of 15 july , the actual time of study was two days .
those who want to take the examination will be awarded a certificate of exit .
the history branch was a class in shaoyang city .
after the return , the schools reported the amount of tuition fee and fee to the school , and did not enjoy the subsidies .
being a friend of musical and stars
key term : stars
i 've had a woman friend ever seen before .
i directly told her , i appreciate you !
because you have expressed your love directly .
she likes a man who is a red entertainment program in taiwan and has never covered up her feelings .
the man presided over the program in jinan , where she flew to jinan , where the man presided over the passenger line in changsha , where she flew to changsha .
the man 's book , which was presided over by the man , said that a friend gave me a bullet with no bullets , and she told me with a surprise that " the missile was delivered by me . "
she also participated in this star , an electronic magazine , and she was excited to see me every time .
i have always liked to have contacts with some people who are honest and upright .
these stars can be movie stars , can be stars , and of course can be a great man .
i do n't feel that these friends are superficial , and i think they are very lovely .
these people are usually people of true sex , like them , do n't like them .
such contacts will be very relaxed .
although they will not consider your feelings 100 percent , at least you know that their joy is shrunk , and you know that contacts with them will be more secure .
these people were also very frank .
we must know that it is also necessary to have courage to express our own wishes .
it is precisely because of this that many people only like a person in a lifetime , or else they will still look at those who are indulging in the composer .
frankly , i think that the biggest advantage of a person is frank , sincere , and sincere to my friends .
however , it is very difficult to do so .
they can like a star and prove that he is selfless in his heart .
some of my friends are fans of some stars .
some time , in order to see this star , they can bear hardships and make a great sacrifice , and the provincial government can take the lead , and the left hand is a camera , and the right hand is still shouting .
it can be said that they are dumbfounded , but they can not repay their love for one person , and they need to be selfless .
this is because in reality , it seems that the united states is not willing to accept too many of its own feelings and is not willing to accept other people . therefore , this is a very precious thing .
therefore , when people begin to talk about who they like , who is the stars who they like , if there is one saying , i will never worship others .
ha , then i had to be careful .
chapter vientiane is a native .
key term : chapter vientiane
accidental chance is to see that the " kangxi came " for a long time , and the leading role is the chapter of the " kangaroo . "
i think it 's the time to propagate the " taoist " .
the moment when i saw the " flowers " was the day when i had come to the bottom of my heart .
at that time , i felt very strange , and the color film was actually able to take pictures of that , sometimes it was very interesting , and was called a film .
in fact , i do not have much of the color , but also cover many countries .
the republic of korea [ rok ] and japan have the first to come into contact .
later , we also saw some of the third world countries , latin america , and europe , rather than hollywood and france 's movies .
among them , two of our computers did not give up , and one was " young , " and one was the " peach " .
in the first half of the year , the film was very good , and everyone was a newcomer , and the director had a very good chance to play the role .
in the latter half of the year , i could not accept it completely .
in fact , what i want to say is that zhang xiaohui said in the program that her boy friends almost cover all countries in the world , except africa .
at present , she has four boys .
in general , people are afraid that this problem cannot be accepted , and they will say that this person will not be able to get rid of it .
however , the key to the problem lies in the fact that she said that these issues were very frank and did not make people uncomfortable .
she also said that she love her love .
for example , the two economies need independence .
i anticipate that his personality will also be independent and his own destiny will be controlled .
because i know that people in love are all living , love is personal , and how can they allow people who love themselves and accept others ' love at the same time .
according to my experience and my conjecture , the love of the younger generation is no longer a simple one , and she is bound to be a typical male love of the people .
in the elder sister , the elder sister can have everything , including a few younger brother , and at the same time , the younger brother can rely on his elder sister , because the charm of the other side and the mother , but it may not be the only thing , and so on .
however , in his speech delivered by zhang xiaohui , i found that she was actually a person who is very familiar with life .
for example , she is particularly keen to travel to the extreme .
so i also have reason to believe her life is also very brilliant .
if it is changed , i am afraid that this kind of phenomenon will not be accepted .
it is better for me to accept many people now . in fact , this has nothing to do with tolerance , but it is because as long as i have been reinforced by my own ideas , i have no absolute love or love .
these people , such as passers - by , friends b , zhang ziyi , good friend c , and fu yung - ching 's sister .
looking at other people 's lives , he is a guest , and his own life is not the main man .
this is better than what i do in the political arena , but i have always had my legend .
people always have a bit of entertainment .
key message : entertainment spirit
people are living a very tired , so they should still have a bit of entertainment spirit .
or the soundness of other people by ridicting themselves or watching others ' laughs .
for example , it is easier to go to the heaven - wide " gossips " page .
in the speech , everyone spoke freely , but of course you should have some ability to distinguish between right and wrong , because all kinds of " black " are constantly emerging .
" i think that the result is that you do n't know what you say , but you have to clearly see what you are looking at . "
the project covered cai kangyong as a " reader . "
if i also read it , then it was a book , but i still did not have enough time to read it .
i will always know well .
however , when i read this book , i got some things i wanted to get .
i would also like to take a blind idea , but i would like to read many principles , and many things would be as good as the starting point .
therefore , they gradually formed some habits , such as telling themselves that they were tough to themselves and were good to others .
whenever they encounter various problems , they first find out the cause from themselves .
we should treat things in a rational way and take a bit of feelings toward them ;
they have kept a low profile and maintained a low profile in their work .
however , you know that people are not so good , and they will always consider their own gains and losses , and they will always think of their own strong points , and they will always be in confusion , and when they should be rational .
however , it will be a good thing and will not cause regret over the choice it has made .
when they were done , they would have been thrown into the trauma .
people think so much more of that 's done .
well , i am not like that kind of person who likes to look at the cricket , to raise the price of my own reading , and to himself is also a common person .
however , the difference between people and some people lies in the fact that there is no need for the people to cast aside their wealth and honor , and in doing things that are reasonable .
or , for example , they have a strong sense of belief .
once the trust of one person , everything i think is good .
even if they are insufficient , they are willing to be upright and inclusive .
although it is not a kind of , it is a kind of thoughts that friends think of .
however , it is also quite strict with our friends .
i also do n't understand why so many people still believe in the newspaper .
or , in their minds , the reports are still the same as those in the past .
but in the world , there are still many things that i do n't understand .
laughing .
it turned out to be slapped to ourselves .
song tan dan is " happy with warmth , " and the warmth is touching .
key words : song tan dan , happy at the bottom of his heart
in a short period of time , he read song dan in the newspaper a book called " happiness in the bottom " .
i really want to read it .
because i think that as a woman who has gone to this age , a kind of job , and a change in the family and the cause , how did she look at her own life after these years ?
it is true that there is no disappointment , and after seeing the following two feelings : first of all , i have been electromechanical , and the life of others can also be seen in my shadow , second , it is still very moved , and some of the details of my affection .
why have you been electrolyted ?
in the book , song dan wrote : " i have ignored an important principle in my life : give you a more happy life .
i always worked hard to make myself happy .
i do n't know too much about being accepted , and i have ignored what others have given , that is , ignoring others ' happiness . "
i find that i am always enjoying this kind of happiness , perhaps we should pay attention to it .
if a person can calmly face his past and demonstrate all this to the public , it is necessary to have a great courage .
this includes her initial love , her failure in marriage with the uk , and her deep - rooted discord with her son .
the book is worth praise , because as a publishing house , i think that she had been going all out to promote her " love for my home " , " 10 - faced ambushes " and a series of small products in zhao benshan .
however , it is certain that she will insist on , and zhao benshan only put forward a few proposals at the end of the day . as for the " 10 - faced ambushes " and " i love my home . "
the book was permeated with a 40 - year - old woman who had a feeling of love for life , family , and love for the family , and was moved by warmth .
busy holidays
key speech : busy holidays
a week after the holiday , it was still not at all idle .
he held a meeting at the college , and was also prepared to meet the material and the draft speaker of the meeting next week .
this holiday will be very busy .
if no accident occurs , three meetings should be held in accordance with the plan , and four or five cities should go .
the life was suddenly filled with a lot of content , of the same type , and of different types , and it almost forgot the previous holidays .
as in the memory , it was not so honest .
however , it seems that he had a long time to control himself , but this year it seems to be a little longer .
is that bad , or bad ?
as soon as they were busy , they would make some improvements , but if they did not achieve any results , they would be greatly discounted .
at times , however , life is not completely in line with the results , and the life is used to gradually feel , and it is also a kind of achievement . although this kind of achievement is sometimes unable to measure the social assessment standards .
if each and every person needs the community 's value and self - value , what will we do ?
in fact , a healthy and sound society should also fully respect the wishes and values of individuals and create conditions for the realization of individual values .
suddenly thought of these , it was more and more effective to find out the marxist principles .
the reason is indeed like this kind of principle , but in reality , people can hardly avoid being perplexed .
even though the realization of self - value does not hamper the value of society , every real individual will be satisfied with the real realization of self - reliance , and will the social assessment be ignored ?
or can our sense of self - value be divorced from social assessment ?
it seems very difficult .
therefore , while making efforts to do a good job in ordinary people , we can hardly avoid the pursuit or exceed , and if we hold talks , we will also be responsible for our own lives .
this is probably one side of human society .
vacation came , still a lot of relaxed .
at least , we can have time to watch some video disks and relax our game .
when we talk about this work , we should do it , and the days are still going on .
next week he will go to xi'an .
although i had never visited , because some cities that " saw it " seemed to be not very much like .
i hope that this trip can change my impression on this city and shout at it .
" women 's right to live "
key words : men 's right to life
in the afternoon , yingjiu made a phone call to me , and later chatted with me , i saw " happy men 's voices . "
the ying said : " no , you are so lovely . after watching the girl , you are simply a faithful viewer of hunan tv . "
i said , " i 'm sorry . "
he said that he saw some boys and girls , and i felt that they were both men and i had the same feeling , but i told her that the happy men 's music had reached five or four , next week , and that the four were really good , and the one was the top - notch .
to study the mass culture and consumption culture , the ying also said very excited that next week , we should also see the most crucial stage of the competition , and we must have a very good look at it and pay attention to the accumulation of some cases in the future .
and then they chatted that this was a man 's colorful age .
in the end , the man has turned from the " looking at the man " into a " judging man , " and the past women , as a guest , have become the main body , and can be seen from the angle of the observation and the various kinds of men in this age .
yingjiu said that this is women 's liberation , and is a symbol of women 's right .
she then said , " do you think you are now living a very women 's right ? "
i heard ying , i was happy to have a laughing smile .
this remark itself is full of the meaning of women 's right , but it is only because i do n't have such a good idea that i can explain these things more profoundly and clearly .
it is a very special sense of quality that chen chu - sheng , who is very happy with the sound of the men , and one kind of hard - to - come - by force of the people 's hearts , and is very net and comfortable .
the various forms of songs that wake up to the soviet union are diverse , and the expression of the emotions and long - term , but it gives people a relaxed and lively feeling ;
zhang jie 's resonant songs are very resonant , especially his two songs " your look " and " the way of the past " are all old songs that i like .
wei chen had a lovely , pure and pure face , and was said to be a very polite girl like her , and the voice of course was good .
such a four - strong contention should be very good .
i look forward to watching their excellent performance next week .
6 - 29 a mess of seven cuisine cures
key message : cooking in seoul
629 , the cuisine , the cuisine of the seven - mess , was launched in the international arena . however , the plane and the mobile phone , like a single signal , is still not a signal . it is perhaps the scope of the global communications , and the scope of the next collection day will come into effect .
in the past few days , i will be short of contact with everyone , ha ha , who is worried about me for this ?
since the introduction of the secretary 's platform , i just want to prove that whoever is concerned about me is concerned about it .
whether it is public or private .
however , the problem is that i also hope to think about who ?
heart - to - heart , when we start , we became blank again .
we do not understand why there are always some people who do not want to stay , but some people do not always think that they can go in , just like the feeling of talking about shopping .
but in the heart of the matter , is it possible to let " white gloves " get lost no matter whether you have any place ?
material and heart - to - heart is still unable to talk about the same way !
our car was travelling at the high speed of going to busan .
the minister did not say anything about opening a car , and i did not have anything to say .
after all , he does not understand chinese and does not understand english , but i will only have a few clumsy words .
there are quite a few senseless computers , beating the keyboard , and in addition to the keyboard of the car , the south korean miss gabria , and all of them are too quiet .
outside the windows , the remaining green and columbaria sinks could be seen .
keep silent on my personality .
what i did not expect was that this country was the only country that made me feel ashamed of .
in addition to the dizziness of the radiation produced by china , the circle of the area has no other function .
i think south korea will certainly not produce a round rules .
because there is no need for the market .
seoul is very clean and thoroughly clean at the reception .
however , a few days in seoul , except for the work location and department stores , all of the impression was limited to the wait - and - see .
fortunately , everything is still beautiful !
the korean people are very traditional courtesy , a smiling appearance , listening attentively , listening to the good , and quiet .
all the things that we can pay attention to are beautiful surface , traditional customs , and old - style buildings , as well as those of war preparedness .
is this hypocritical ?
it was still hypocritical , at least everybody was ejected !
looking at the ugly things that cannot be seen , it may not exist .
korea 's catering industry is extremely battered !
however , i do n't like it , do n't understand why the toss that they have come and gone , but it is just a game of the various kinds of vegetables and the carved , and of course it is not possible to be finished .
it is very fierce in south korea 's research on the catering industry . it can identify the difference between the ground or underground , and the time for the long time to come , and the degree of accuracy can be achieved .
this shows that the strict demands of the korean people may be related to the cuisine which is earlier to the night .
however , it is a great pain that the minister will soon take us to the japanese soya palace , which is not known how to combine it with the cooking .
it is thought that china last night had a kind of feeling that it wanted to cry , and that the only thing that could be imported was to eat .
ah , i thank the south china airlines for making contributions to the cooking classes of the aircraft .
airlines must think that i have to start to act from that moment when i was on the plane .
in another two days , i had to return home , if no one could think about it , or think that you should be a red or a little .
after all , the satisfaction of stomach is more direct than heart .
of course , this is not related to food preparation .
two trees
two trees , one is a i , one is a girl .
we are cool and cool - headed with each other .
i 've been a multitude of children , but i have only my sister , not brother , so it seems very important for the girl to come .
all of us have been a bitter child , and we have to take part in the numerous domestic work , and although i have been working hard to be a big man , i have always been trying to do a good job in my own life , but i have never been willing to get the first to be a father .
the problem of my small trip is not very serious , but it is difficult to avoid the appearance of a domestic helper .
for example , my father has allowed me to wipe out the smoke at the chimneys in my old house .
the chimneys in the chimu , but when the rain fell , the hut was in the bottom , the reason was that i got rid of my house .
for example , my father has changed my lamp , the old style of work .
when i climbed to the stove , the bulb in my hand fell into the cement floor .
this kind of example is not the case . therefore , after the girl drunk into the room , these fragments of course have been contracted , and they are very beautiful and do not need to pay any labor costs .
however , i could not be seen in a corner of the corner .
later we became two trees , two big trees that were sufficient to support a family .
however , his father could not be avoided by sit down in the wheelchair , and he has become an imperceptibly cast his head under the dense urban area .
as a result , the 50 - year - old girl , who suddenly became sick , was in a big tree with a green onion , and the green , and the big tree of the green , was even more difficult to reach the death of the fear .
in the summer day of the diocity of the dizzy , in addition to the handroom of the beijing coordination and hospital , the doctor said : " there is no operating value .
at least two months can be done .
at that moment , i was hit by a sudden bullet , the soul was ejected , and it was fool in the sky .
i started to tour the dream , and saw the old courtyard of the family and the young brothers who were busy in the courtyard .
the cousin cry raised me to wake up , and i was anxious to be sitting in the hospital corridor with tears rolling down .
all of a sudden , the sun made it difficult for me to see it , and my eyes were raging everywhere .
after returning from beijing to our city , the girl and her sister quickly got to know their own condition , and he cried and said that they had been crying out .
the girl started to handle the case of the left - behind , for example , to tell his own son : i will take care of your grandmother , and after her death , she will have to have to be a big grandfather and the bones , and how the tombs should be opened .
i often go to see your grandma , and follow the festival to buy some practical products for him .
for example , he told my younger sister : after i leave , you have to look at your elder sister from time to time , and one person will certainly be very lonely independent .
i would like to take time to visit him as much as possible , but he was worthy of a face .
we often talk about it , it is like two plants that are unable to talk about , although they have life .
these are two mature trees , and the wind and the storms have enabled us to face all kinds of hardships and hardships , and what are we still required to explain to me ?
it seems that there is no need .
because you know : after you leave , your elder sister , your elder sister , and your children , as well as everybody , you can only rely on me to support it alone .
who is called me a man ?
he is a man , no matter whether you are willing or not , you have to be the backbone of the spree .
the only regret is : why do you think of an early dry earth , you should have a late year of the heavens ?
the day you were on the eve of the lunar new year .
that is , when the chinese people all over the world are happily greeting the spring festival , you alone have been driven by your own independence .
perhaps , in another time and space , is it another life - long " infant death " ?
one minute in life
the reason why there is such a maverick of the fashion is that at that time of extreme expectations , the uncertainty is basically too busy to take into account the time .
for example , when a gu xiulian received the verdict of a paper death sentence , will he still be very anxious to find fault in the " written decision on disarmament " ?
that was a winter day , and the young people were very cold .
i do n't know who is worth a day , and there is no fire in the stove .
because when there was a strong earthquake in the legend , we were also lavish again .
on the streets of the 12 - member long - sleeper , we were wearing the cotton padded with four people , and we were able to play with the " three - one " and the " three - one " and a " win - win " vote under the roof of the yellow river .
a sudden , with a long and close voice , we just looked at a few of them in a hurry and immediately come to realize the disaster .
as a result , they cast off the paper card in their hands and flew down and crossed the narrow housing door and stepped forward .
at the moment when we ran out of the dormitory , the pitiful mao - tai housing block , which was used as a paddy stone , suddenly became a crack down .
in the courtyard , we just stood on the ship of ringing ringing , and had no way of putting ourselves on the back of the man .
in these few seconds , all the buildings on the side of us have been a stable image of the past few days , and they have issued the " mute - mute , " and they have been in a frenzied manner , and then they have been turned into a smoke - free .
the electric wires on the head are naturally not willing to be left alone , and the " slap " is full of dark clouds , and it is the same as the four .
before we are behind us , the devil of the havoc is now celebrating our own creative release , and the earth of the five - color , which is as good as any other war , is a prelude to the sound of the voice , and it is the nerve of every weak nerve .
at that time , there was only one idea : the doomsday of mankind has arrived !
i can imagine that , as the dragons in the land , the boiling water , like the dragons , have been issued with a strong invitation , and the human beings have been in the form of a free , and they have been thrown into the pool of plasma , and they have no choice but to do so .
my backbone has been injected with ice - like , and my face is vacillating like a few of my fans in the dark .
i think that mankind is like this and the colorful world , will the history of civilization in the past several thousand years be sold out from then on ?
however , i was not yet 20 years old , and the beautiful flowers of youth were just put on the brilliant , and the rapid sense of survival , i was so excited that i had a beautiful life !
what is your parents , what are you doing now , are you still living in the world ?
in the face of the ferocious features of the divine land , i would like to read you !
nie : jiefangjun bao : i have never been aware of the long distance , and i finally found that there is a little bit of slackening in the sky , and the fireworks on the land are not in the limelight .
a huge ship , which was only shocked by waves , finally entered a peaceful harbour .
a young and easy heart was finally put back to its original position after a frenzied encumbration .
the earth , my home , you finally made us feel the warmth and warmth of our family !
a kind of wonderful scene of the afterlife , like the warm flow , is gradually over the entire body .
as soon as the 17 - year - old beans were standing firmly , when they were facing a harmonious and warm youth room , they were the ruins of a mess , and they were suddenly crying out .
all of them were transmitted , and they were warm with tears in their eyes .
does the sky start to fall and mourn over the unfortunate death of mankind ?
in that year , the haicheng earthquake hit more than 1,000 people .
some experts said : fortunately , when people have not yet sleep , they will have to get at least 100,000 people 's lives because of the strong earthquake of the " 7 reporter 3 " class !
the earthquake hit tangshan alone last year and more than 200,000 people died .
those in the village
there are many families in the village , and one of the people in the south are the most bearer of the village , and the name of the village is : fire prevention , the prevention , and the prevention of the south .
in fact , one of the south family is still relatively old .
some people usually steal a melons in other places , ah , and the family members of the south are nothing but thieves who are thieves , and they do not have to be isolated from the south .
no one was clean , and who was the family of my south ?
the south 's family has begun to hold some very physical activities , and this shows that this village is the first to be established by the south family , and the south 's family has always been a large household of grain , and some well - known people have made great contributions to the construction of the village .
at the same time , the south family members closely asked village cadres to go to the home to watch and sit there .
in short , the yugoslav people are very determined to fight a major battle and make a strong plan .
not long ago , a western family did a very ignominious thing , and the cruel persecution of the nausea of the south family .
the family name of the west is the one who is famous for the whole village , and the family members of the village are all benefited from the western family .
if it was not a good vector for the western family , how could all of you have done it well ?
however , after this , the western family members went so far as to hit the south with a dark brick of the family , and the whole village was really extremely evil , and the whole village was filled with indignation . one after another , they said that the western family was no good .
the south family members ' requests to the west have aroused the sympathy of the whole village .
all of the people in the village have abandoned their mouth to the west .
thus , the battlefield was moved to the west .
the family members of the south were determined to create a good image before the 17 th village meeting , so that this person could become the most prosperous south .
although cadres in the village are advised to get along harmoniously every day , this village is always not peaceful .
what is most hated is that in a short period of two to three months , even the pigs have started to stir up trouble , and they have to raise their prices .
as early as two years ago , is it impossible to kill all the chickens in various villages ?
how are you not a long brain ?
you can no longer be killed when you are talking about the revolution .
and even though they are accustomed to the us village , the british village , and the british village , they are not happy to see peace .
some people were killed by the waves , and the high - rise of the us village was destroyed today . tomorrow , the subway leading to britain 's village was bombed by some small canons , and it was also enough to frighten people .
therefore , people in the middle and lower village have generally felt that they could not be able to see a room , see the illness , and do not have a good intention of reading the books . however , they are able to have some fields of the field , work , and engage in relations , and they are also considered to have entered the new era .
is the family and family members of the south , ah , no one of the family members who is worried about it ?
the family members of a small family in the southeast of the village said that although the parents of the family were not in the wrong face , would our great middle village be like this ?
looking at the 2008 village games , we will have to be held in the middle village of our village , and those in the village are all the bad children in the village .
each family has its own family members , ignition switches , money , ah , powerful strength .
when you went to the village to watch the bird 's nest eggs , ah !
( the painting album , the following are the following : the gold eggs , or the silver eggs , and the viewers , i am the owner of the village television station .
shanghai , macao , taiwan , taiwan , hong kong .
key words : gayoom , gayoom , general staff member of the gagao .
i am a relatively early staff member who joined the guinness china . in the past two years , we have gone through a lot of tests , and some people have expected that some of them are indeed beyond the expectations of the time .
yesterday , it was learned that the company had a special chapter on china 's development in the first quarter of this year , and it was precisely because it heard the ecentrant 's reply to a question on china . it was quite a lot of feelings . therefore , it was a lot of hard to share with everyone .
this remark was held last week in gongs and drums , which were held in the second quarter of 2007 , and was full of confidence in the development of the chinese market .
the ecic said that we have outstanding talents in china , an increasingly perfect facilities , and an increasingly rich production line .
he held that although the success of the gu songs may not be in the eyes of the people , this is a very good beginning for china , and also a spirit of relying on the efforts of the chinese team , the support of the general headquarters , and the spirit of setbacks , he firmly believed that in the future , the song will achieve amazing results in china .
ah , what is important is that we are firm and progressive , because we are growing here , we have profound feelings for this , and we deeply believe that the gum should give china more and more , and we should give more users more .
fixed links
pilotless shoes
now , everything is popular , especially in summer , people do not want to directly take the nuts , because any clothes will make people feel even more warm .
prior to this , you might have been aware that the trough - b , which has been popular for many years , has been defeated by ghazel because the latter has not been tied up .
therefore , in this era , it is very likely that the slipped shoes that you wear under your shoes are already falling behind , because there is a new kind of slipping shoes that are now coming out , and it is only a shoe .
how did you wear it ?
we are not immortal , and the manufacturers do not have magic .
this type of slippage is directly attached to people . this is something that is not done by evil , but is real goods with a price of about $ 13.5 billion / double .
this is another kind of " i once imagined it has existed , but i do n't expect that it really has a " product , " which makes people wonder .
manufacturers believe that this kind of slipping shoes is very cool , and do n't believe it ?
please see : just look at it , i feel that my own feet are extremely uncomfortable , [ vantage ]
beautiful woman , like yun , a half - mile walk in the world ,
key message : beautiful woman
about 40,000 people visited the china international digital entertainment products and technology applications exhibition on july 12 .
the exhibition has a large number of enterprises participating in the exhibition , and most of them are on - line visitors .
i believe that in terms of the addiction science and technology for the mature reading group , everyone is more interested in shabby than the internet .
no doubt , they will be able to take the lead immediately .
[ article : executive yuan on home page 10 ] ( via )
ornga will soon introduce a high - end pentium
key word : void void
it is also a top - level , and it is a very good thing for us to make a good start in the world 's tooth retention of the b - b , and the abbrew , which will be introduced on july 17 , us time .
it 's not true that like the 400 - meter - long computer , a succession of high - speed wireless expansion trough .
( via ) this 15.4 - inch computer , which is based on the one - inch microprocessor , and the napster , which is based on the formula of the napster , is of course that the 61 - inch metal and the price protection measures must have the advantage of the accident , and the price is about 15,000 yuan .
the screen did not look at the picture of large - scale cell phone switches to expose
key message : cell phone
south korea 's company - iii , daisy , introduced only coins worth $ coins for laser delivery .
as the size of the size is very small , or even can be seen in the cell phone in a seven - inch shadow area on the wall .
( via ) the traditional photocopenhagen contains three different ccd , namely , the export of the red , green , and blue - based video signals , and the adoption of the sounder , which can only be carried out with three color , thus reducing the size and the production costs of the device .
the official statement said that this type of cd - d , with a 0.24 - inch microprocessor , could easily be integrated into the cell phone .
at present , there are already more than half of the cell phones in the market , and it is estimated that there will be a cell phone in the market , but it will be very difficult to say that the market will not be good .
