china 's export of high - tech products in first two months of 1996
xinhua news agency , guangzhou , march 16 , ( reporter chen ji ) the latest statistics show that from january to february this year , the export of high - tech products in guangdong province reached $ 37.6 billion , an increase of 34.8 percent over the same period last year , accounting for 25.5 percent of the province 's total export volume .
the frequent export of high - tech products has made important contributions to the growth of guangdong 's foreign trade .
last year , the export of high - tech products in guangdong province was 229.4 billion us dollars , up 31% over the same period last year , and the growth rate was 27.2 percent higher than that of the whole province . the net export of high - tech products increased by 52.7 billion us dollars , making up for the decrease in the export value of traditional labor - intensive products .
among the export of new high level technology products in guangdong , computer and communications technology products were unique , and last year , the export volume was 1.194 billion us dollars , accounting for 85.9 percent of the total export value of new high level technology products in the whole province .
the main market for export of high - tech products in guangdong province is hong kong , the united states , the european union , and japan .
last year , the export of new high level technology industrial belts in the pearl river delta reached $ 219.9 billion , accounting for 98.7 percent of the province 's total export volume of high - tech products .
this year , such a leading role is still very prominent .
at present , over 95 percent of the computers in the pearl river delta region are capable of providing all computer spare parts in the field of the azimuth .
fifa to severely punish fraudulent behavior in soccer pitches
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 17 , the international volleyball governing body disclosed on the 16 th that in the world cup , the law enforcement agencies will take more severe measures to deal with those who have lost their gains by the end of this year .
according to a press release , the fifa executive committee said that they would give full support to the magistrate 's strict enforcement , especially to those who deceive the audience .
the fifa executive committee also announced some reform measures .
in order to allow the players to get rid of the ball , the prerequisite is that they cannot affect the normal competition , and as some players , the international football association has made it easy for them to have some contradictions in the minds of the game , and from 1 july this year , it is not necessary to write any words on the back of the game of the world cup players , but it is necessary to be in the front of the sports .
suicide bombing in jerusalem
xinhua news agency report of march 17 from jerusalem ( by staff reporter zhong huihua and nie xiaoyang ) a man , who was carrying a bomb in a residential area in northern jerusalem on the afternoon of the 17 th , was killed and nine other people were slightly injured and sent to the hospital for treatment .
at present , the police have sealed off the scene of the explosion .
in less than two hours ago , a palestinian gunshot occurred in the northern israeli town of karabi .
according to the latest report , a 16 - year - old israeli girl was killed and at least 12 others were injured .
the gunman was shot to death by the police .
so far , no organization has claimed responsibility for the attack .
the israeli prime minister 's office condemned the shooting .
israeli prime minister sharon said on the same day that although israel and the palestinian side are making a cease - fire effort , the israeli side will respond to any attack .
civil service painting competition to celebrate hong kong 's 5 th anniversary
xinhua news agency , hangzhou , march 18 , this year is the fifth anniversary of the return of hong kong to the motherland , and the first chinese civil service 's " regulations on the conduct of civil servants " will be promulgated and implemented to celebrate the two happy events , and a civil service painting competition with the theme of " state civil servants - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the people civil servants " - - - - - - - - will be launched in hong kong , macao , and the mainland civil servants .
the competition was organised by the hong kong wen wei po , the china mayors ' association , and the hong kong cultural and leisure services department .
the public servants participating in the competition will create the beautiful scenery of all parts of the motherland , as well as the poetry of writing the poetry of the civil servants , and will also be the standard of the conduct of the civil servants , and the content of the calligraphy of the calligraphy , and the content of the calligraphy of the calligraphy of the civil servants , and the practice of honesty , and the practice of performing official duties , so as to improve the cultural level and professional standards of civil servants .
the competition will highlight the celebration of the fifth anniversary of the return of hong kong to the motherland and fully display the charm of chinese calligraphy .
it has been learned that the selected works of this book competition will be intercepted on april 20 , 2002 .
the outstanding entries will be selected and published on the 5 th anniversary of the reunification of hong kong .
african national assembly opposes sanctions against zimbabwe
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , march 18 , the south african national assembly ( oau ) general secretary of the african national assembly ( african national assembly ) , the south african national assembly , criticized the united states , britain , and other western countries in an attempt to force zimbabwe to act in accordance with the wishes of western countries .
in response to the threat posed by western countries to the implementation of sanctions against zimbabwe , the spokesman said : " the zimbabwean people should be under the leadership of the zimbabwean people and should not be decided by the western countries . "
he pointed out : mutual respect for the sovereignty of each country is an international norms that each country must abide by , and the african national assembly resolutely opposes the sanctions imposed on a sovereign state .
the secretary - general said that if the western countries impose further sanctions on zimbabwe , it would not help the zimbabwean people , but would aggravate social unrest in zimbabwe .
he called on the zimbabwean government and opposition parties to work together to overcome difficulties in food shortages and land crisis .
he stressed that only by strengthening unity can we defeat any attempt to split the country .
earlier , the african national assembly issued a statement urging the international community to respect the choice of the zimbabwean people and help them tide over the difficulties .
zimbabwean president robert mugabe was elected again in the presidential election from march 9 to 11 , but the western countries accused the election of having serious shortcomings and the lack of fairness and freedom . therefore , he refused to recognize the election results and threatened to impose further sanctions on zimbabwe .
some western countries have already announced an end to their economic aid to zimbabwe .
prior to the election , the european union ( eu ) has imposed a " clear - cut " sanctions on zimbabwe on the grounds that the zimbabwean government had imposed restrictions on freedom of press and the obstruction of supervision .
french athletes take part in the winter games to return to paris
xinhua news agency , paris , march 18 ( reporter wang jingcheng ) french athletes attending the paralympic games in the salt lake city of the united states from march 7 to 16 , returned to paris today .
at the charles de gaulle airport , sports personnel were warmly welcomed by the minister of youth sports of france , the minister of the family , children , and the work of the disabled .
the french delegation , who took part in the eighth paralympic games in salt lake city in the united states , won 19 medals at the 8 th national games , including nine gold medals , one gold medal , and 10 medals including one gold medal .
this is the best result of the french delegation in the winter olympic games .
at the welcoming ceremony , the french athletes said that their special performance has changed their views on them , and the french people are grateful for their outstanding contributions in the struggle to change their views on the disabled .
the minister said in his speech that the french government will , as always , continue to support the disabled sports movement .
jordan dan was the first sunday to recover .
xinhua news agency report of march 19 from washington ( by staff reporter xie peilin ) - - the " flying man " , who was most likely to have been injured by the right - winger , was in the early days , but due to the conclusion of the normal rules , it seems that it is difficult for washington 's elite team to hit the final .
the coach of the talent team , mullings , said today that he had strengthened the coronary heart disease , although he did not want to appear in denmark and salt lake city on wednesday and thursday , he was very likely to go to toronto on sunday to be rebuffer , and to challenge the current situation .
mullings said : " he may appear at any time and all this depends on his feelings .
at present , the focus of his training is on defense , and at the same time he has also been practicing a basket .
he is prepared to raise the intensity of his body to test whether his body can adapt .
as far as the knees are concerned , he said that at least 100 percent better than before the operation . "
the average score was 24.3 points in the season , and he received the operation three weeks ago , and the team won four wins and eight losses during this period .
at present , there are only 15 , and the number of qualified personnel is only 36 , and the eastern alliance is the 10 th , the backward miami heat wave , and the team is the 8 th , and there are still two and a half .
coach mullings said he hoped that the team would achieve a qualitative leap in the recovery , at least to win a victory in a short period of time , and thus to the dawn of the second round .
mullings said : " if jordan does not have any absentee , we will be able to win at least three matches .
as far as the current situation is concerned , he is fully capable of stimulating the team in a timely manner . "
south korea will convey information on hoping for resumption of talks with north korea
xinhua news agency report of march 19 from seoul ( by staff reporter zhang li ) - the rok government has requested indonesian president megawati soekarnoputri , hoping that she would convey the information of rok president kim dae - jung in the hope of resuming the talks between the dprk and the dprk and the united states as soon as possible .
a south korean government official said that the information content includes both south korea and the united states , and hopes that the dprk will adopt a positive attitude toward the settlement of the issue through dialogue .
indonesian president megawati soekarnoputri will visit the dprk from march 28 to 30 and will visit the republic of korea from march 30 to april 1 .
the rok government has passed this message to the indonesian side through diplomatic channels .
on the report by japan 's " asahi shimbun , " megawati said that she would send a letter to kim chong - il , but the rok government denied it .
european central bank official says euro zone economy to recover soon
xinhua news agency , brussels , march 20 ( reporter wang xingqiao ) - the chief economist of the european central bank ( ecb ) , dr. yassin , said here on the 20 th that the euro zone 's economy has moved out of a low ebb , and this year it will begin to accelerate its recovery .
he made the above remarks at a hearing held by the european parliament in brussels .
he said the latest data show that the euro zone 's economy has been easing at the beginning of this year , and it is expected that the economic recovery rate will be accelerated within the year .
it is estimated that this year 's economic growth rate of the euro zone will reach 2 to 2.5 percent .
he said that the euro zone 's economic recovery was mainly attributable to the growth in consumer spending and the current commodity storage level of the euro zone has reached a very low level .
on inflation , he said that the overall economic growth rate of the euro zone has shown a downward trend , and there is no indication that there will be a risk of instability in prices in the medium - term period of economic development .
when talking about the current energy situation in the world , the imf said that the recent rise in the world oil market has caused concern among the economic decision - makers of various countries , and the impact of the oil price increase on the long - term economic trend should not be underestimated .
hong kong police detected first online drug trafficking
xinhua news agency , hong kong , march 21 , hong kong police recently found some people using the internet to engage in internet drug trafficking .
the narcotics division of the hong kong police force pointed out that this was the first time that the hong kong police had discovered that it should be taken seriously .
the hong kong police said that in the past year , a total of several drug cases were found in hong kong people using the internet to purchase ecstasy , such as the use of credit cards .
drug traffickers bought drugs in thailand and sent them to hong kong .
the chief superintendent of narcotics bureau of the hong kong police force , mr ip ka - chuen , pointed out that the number of cases detected last year were mainly used to order the internet by credit cards .
the hong kong police are working with the relevant disciplined services to crack down on this new crime .
at a recent cross - border symposium on cross - border organized crime in hong kong , a responsible official of the united nations international narcotics committee pointed out that drug trafficking on the internet would be a new challenge to law enforcement agencies in the future .
last year , the hong kong special administrative region security bureau completed consultation on computer - related crimes and amended legislation to combat any criminal activities using computers .
african university students call for not to be on the brink of new technology
xinhua news agency , abidjan , march 21 ( reporter song nan ) at the second african higher education forum , which opened on the 21 st , the university students attending the forum called on african youths to make active use of information and communications technology to cope with the challenges of economic globalization , and not to let the african continent become the " verge of new technology . "
in his speech , the chairman of the meeting held that new and high technologies have promoted the development of asian and european countries .
the arrival of the new century has brought many opportunities and challenges to the african continent , and african young people should strive to master new and high technologies and make their own contributions to the better future of africa .
the theme of the forum is : " new technology , information , and exchange will bring more opportunities to the african people . "
during the three - day meeting , experts from more than 10 institutions of higher learning and enterprises in africa will discuss the issues of " the future and new technological challenges of africa , " " cultural diversity and economic development , " and " opportunities and prospects of e - commerce for africa . "
a large - scale campus cultural exhibition will also be held during the conference .
indonesia reiterates opposition to foreign troops
xinhua news agency , jakarta , march 22 ( reporter ma tong ) - the indonesian foreign ministry issued a press communique on the 22 nd , reiterating opposition to foreign troops entering this island .
the indonesian foreign ministry reiterated this stand in response to a report in the " usa today " that the united states intends to send troops to indonesia to assist in cracking down on the " al - qaeda " members who had fled from afghanistan on 20 march .
the communique says that the us government has never formally raised the above demand to the indonesian government , and this can also be confirmed by the white house and the defense department later .
the communique reiterated that indonesia has pursued a proactive and independent foreign policy , and that indonesia has already conducted close and beneficial cooperation with the united states , and the indonesian government is willing to continue to strengthen cooperation in this regard .
ukraine condemns u.s. interference in internal affairs
xinhua news agency , kiev , march 22 ( reporter zhang zhiqiang ) ukrainian president kuchma gave a speech to the press on the 22 nd on the us house of representatives ' interference in the internal affairs of ukraine , saying that the resolution of the us house of representatives was an unprecedented incident and " incomprehensible " .
the us house of representatives adopted a resolution on the upcoming election of the ukrainian parliament , calling on ukraine to hold a transparent , free and fair election on the 31 st of this month .
the resolution also pointed out that the ukrainian government should earnestly implement the new parliament election law , and the election results should indicate whether ukraine will continue to carry out democratic reforms .
kuchma said : " the ukrainian nation is not a football that can be made at will , and the ukrainian people should have their own dignity . "
kuchma also thanked the president of the world 's ubrzezinski for his letter to the united states .
in his letter , brzezinski said : " look at what you have done .
we have studied well at home and then taught others . "
on the same day , the ukrainian leader said that the us act was a gross interference in ukraine 's internal affairs and a threat to ukraine 's independence .
the u.s. house of representatives ' one - sided evaluation of ukraine 's election campaign will lead to the separation of the political forces in the country , the official said .
a spokesman for the ukrainian foreign ministry said today that the election of the supreme legislative organ and the representatives of the local legislative organs is purely a matter of the ukrainian people .
in the final stage of the election campaign in the ukrainian parliament , it is hoped that all countries will show a cautious attitude and will abide by the norms of international law that do not interfere in their internal affairs .
arab states against us attacks on iraq
xinhua news agency , liya , march 23 , according to the report of the " yalta " on the 23 rd , lebanese president , in an interview with the reporter , said that although the arab summit has not yet opened , they have adopted a consistent stand on the iraq issue and are opposed to the united states ' crackdown on iraq .
hu jintao pointed out that no arab country has agreed to strike at any arab country without proper reasons , and the united states must understand the consequences of such attacks , regardless of the excuse or the excuse of the attack .
hu de held that cracking down on terrorism or " evil heart " is a pretext that affects the attraction of western public opinion , but it should not engage in criminal activities under such a pretext .
he also urged the united states not to pursue double standards , that is , the fight against terrorism in one region , but in another region , it ignores israel 's terrorism .
( news ) senior south korean officials to visit north korea in april
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 25 , according to sources here , the south korean presidential office spokesman on the 25 th announced in seoul that lin dongyuan , special adviser to the south korean president kim dae - jung 's diplomatic and security unification , will visit the dprk in the first week of april . he will hold talks with the dprk officials on issues such as the exchange of visits between the south and the north of the korean peninsula and how to ease tensions between the south and the north .
the spokesman said that the dprk side hopes that the talks will " lay a foundation " for the restoration of south - north relations , but she did not mention the specific situation of the talks .
she said that the situation of the talks will be announced after the return of lin dongyuan from the dprk .
at the same time , the dprk central news agency also issued a brief statement on the same day , claiming that president kim dae - jung 's special envoy will visit the dprk .
the statement said that the two sides will hold talks on the " serious situation " on the korean peninsula and issues of common concern .
trial of indonesian parliament speaker
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 25 , according to sources here , the speaker of the indonesian parliament , al - akbar , was tried in a jakarta court on the 25 th on charges of corruption and ransom .
tanjung was charged with embezzling a total of 3.8 million us dollars in aid to the indonesian food and environmental hygiene department .
these funds have been learned that they were later used by the party in the 1999 election campaign of the specialized group , which was under the leadership of the republic of korea .
the money was originally used to provide some poverty - stricken families with the financial crisis , but the investigation team found that the funds were not in the hands of these families .
however , tungong has denied the above allegations .
analysts believe that no matter how the trial results are , this incident may weaken the hope of the indonesian president to be elected .
" advancing forward " because of mechanical failure to take off to the sky
xinhua news agency , washington , march 25 , the us national aviation and space agency said on the 25 th that due to the technical problems of the mechanical hand in the international space station , the launch of the " advance " space plane will be postponed from may 6 to may 31 .
according to reports , the " march forward " will fly seven astronauts to the international space station to carry out a 11 - day space flight .
the seven people include astronauts from france and russia .
a spokesman for the us national aviation and space agency said that the personnel of the space station can take advantage of this sufficient time to eliminate the malfunction , but the delay of the launch also means that they will be patient to stay for more than three weeks and wait for the united states ' pellets and two other russian astronauts to replace them .
the french philadelphia is the first non - russian astronauts to fly to the space station , and he will carry out two space flights when the mission starts .
the shell group 's investment in china will reach 5 billion us dollars in three years
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 26 ( reporter qian chunpei ) - the chairman of the board of directors of the shell - producing group , wu jichuan , said a few days ago that by 2005 , the total investment of the shell group in china will reach 5 billion us dollars .
at the china development forum held here , he said : currently , shell 's investment in china has reached 1.6 billion us dollars , plus some of the ongoing projects , with a total investment of 5 billion us dollars in 2005 .
shell is currently negotiating many cooperative projects with the chinese side .
among them , 500 gas stations are expected to be set up in jiangsu province this year .
he said that shell 's business contacts with china have been more than 100 years .
for shell , china 's market has huge potential and is an important part of its global strategy .
as the economy develops , china 's demand for energy is expected to double the consumption of energy by 2020 , which will account for 16 percent of the world 's total .
china is facing severe energy challenges , and the diversification of energy sources is very important for energy safety and environmental protection , and the shell card will play an important role in this process .
xinhua news agency report of march 26 from the united nations ( by staff reporter gu zhenqiu ) - the un security council announced on the 26 th that the un security council delegation will visit the congo ( kinshasa ) and other african countries involved in the conflict in the drc on april 27 , so as to inject new vitality into the peace process in the congo .
the spokesman said that france 's permanent representative to the united nations , anthony lake , will be the head of the delegation , and the delegation will be composed of 15 member states of the security council .
the main purpose of the visit is to hold dialogue with the leaders of the congo ( kinshasa ) conflict in order to promote the compliance of the peace agreement signed by all parties in the drc in the capital of zambia in 1999 .
this is the third time the security council has sent a delegation to visit the great lakes region since may 2000 .
sri lankan government to hold peace talks with hu
xinhua news agency , colombo , march 27 ( reporter zhang dongdong ) - the sri lanka government announced on the 27 th that it plans to hold peace talks with the anti - government anti - government group in early may to end the 20 - year - long bloody ethnic conflict in the country .
speaking at a press conference today , the sri lankan minister for justice , the constitution , the ethnic affairs , and the national culture ministry , said that the slovak government and the tiger have agreed to hold talks as soon as possible , and the government hopes that the talks will be held in the first week of may .
he said that the initial talks will be mainly prepared for the entering of substantive talks .
the slovak government has not yet officially announced the venue for the talks , but reports say that the peace talks between the two sides will be held in thailand .
reese said the government has planned to hold talks with a group of asian countries , and has made relevant preparations for this .
according to another report , for three years in the northern part of the country , the chief negotiator of the organization for the control of the islamic republic of the islamic republic , and the leader of the organization of the organization , al - qaeda , held talks with the norwegian special envoy , and the norwegian ambassador to the north of the republic of norway .
after the talks , the tiger agreed to resume peace talks with the government when the regional situation under their control was resumed , but it still insisted that the government ban them before the peace talks be lifted .
in february this year , the slovak government and the serbian group signed a permanent cease - fire agreement , laying a foundation for the two sides to begin the talks .
china united telecommunications corporation 's sales volume up nearly 38 percent last year
xinhua news agency report of march 27 from hong kong ( by staff reporter li kai ) - china united telecommunications corporation , which was listed on the hong kong stock exchange , announced here today that the total volume of business of china united telecommunications corporation reached 293.93 billion yuan in 2001 , and the total volume of sales reached 4.457 billion yuan , an increase of nearly 38 percent over the previous year .
as one of china 's comprehensive telecommunications operators , china unicom provides a variety of telecommunications services , including mobile telecommunications , international long - distance , data , internet , and paging services .
the china unicom announced that last year , the company 's long - distance telephone exchange and the total number of telephone business reached 64.1 billion minutes , an increase of 5.9 times over the previous year , and the market share has increased from 1.3% in 2000 to 7.7 percent , and the total international time for the whole year has increased by 3.4 times over the previous year .
yang xianzu , chief executive officer of the china united telecommunications corporation , said that this year , the company will continue to speed up the development of mobile telecommunications business , adopt a strategy of the same way , and ensure the coordinated development of the mobile communication business of the cdma and gongs and drums in the mobile telecommunications industry , so that the company 's mobile phone users will continue to grow by a large margin .
china , japan to sign agreement on exchange of currency
xinhua news agency , tokyo , march 28 ( reporter wang jizhen ) - - - - dai xianglong , governor of the people 's bank of china and governor of the bank of japan , signed a bilateral monetary exchange agreement between the renminbi and the japanese yen on the 28 th in tokyo .
according to the agreement , if necessary , the people 's bank of china and the bank of japan can provide each other with a total exchange of money equivalent to us $ 3 billion to help them maintain the stability of the financial market .
the signing of an agreement on exchange of money between china and japan shows that the cooperation between the central bank of china and japan has been further strengthened .
the agreement , signed between china and japan , is the second bilateral currency exchange agreement signed between the people 's bank of china and the bank of thailand in december 2001 .
in the future , china will also sign an agreement on exchange of currency with some countries such as the rok .
dai xianglong said : china will actively participate in asian financial cooperation , and is willing to work together with other asian countries and regions to make its own contributions to regional economic stability and prevention of risks .
wu dawei , chinese ambassador to japan , attended the signing ceremony of an agreement between the people 's bank of china and the bank of japan on the exchange of currencies .
earthquake victims in afghanistan hit home
xinhua news agency , kabul , march 28 ( reporter pan yunzhao ) - the earthquake victims in the northern afghanistan province of baghdad have started their work to rebuild their homes for three days .
a spokesman for the united nations office for humanitarian aid in afghanistan said to xinhua reporters that a central group , composed of the afghan interim government , un organizations , and non - governmental organizations , was conducting an inspection and assessment of the earthquake - stricken areas on the 28 th , and found that the disaster victims had already started the reconstruction of their own houses , and some of them had used relief organizations to provide relief materials to the disaster victims .
in view of this situation , the un rescue organization has started to consider the issue of helping disaster victims rebuild their homes , she said .
at present , rescue organizations have already had a large amount of relief supplies in the quake - hit areas , and are making use of ground and air - to - air means to provide disaster victims .
a strong earthquake occurred on the 25 th in the area of the afghan province of najaf province , killing and injuring tens of thousands of people .
japan temporarily freeze humanitarian aid to russia
xinhua news agency , tokyo , march 29 , japanese foreign minister chuan leekpai announced on the 29 th that japan will temporarily freeze its humanitarian aid to russia until the japanese side will carry out rectification and reform of the international committee responsible for the aid project .
the japanese government will control the japanese government 's financial assistance to russia in addition to maintaining the commission 's human expenditure and japan 's existing technical cooperation projects .
the move was made in response to a recent remark made by japanese finance minister yanchuan zhengchuan leekpai .
yanchuan zhengchuan leekpai recently proposed to the cabinet members that , in view of the continued worsening of the financial situation in japan , the cabinet members should ensure that each of the government 's funds can be used .
it has been learned that after being exposed by the deputy chief executive of the cabinet , suzuki , the deputy chief executive of the ministry of foreign affairs , has been criticized by the outside world for the malfeasance of the application procedures of the russian aid project and the lack of transparency on the issue of funds .
eu to hold consultations with china on implementation of temporary safeguard measures for steel imports
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 29 ( reporter shi guangsheng ) - chinese minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation shi guangsheng said here today that the eu has made a clear response to the eu 's temporary safeguard measures for the implementation of some imported steel , and that it will hold consultations with the chinese side as soon as possible and make some special arrangements for china as a developing country .
today , shi guangsheng answered a reporter 's question at the national conference on legal work in foreign trade and economic cooperation .
he said : at present , the more and more advanced the iron and steel trade war is , the source is from the united states .
at present , all parties concerned have put forward demands on the us " 201 steel case " and bilateral consultations , and some have even put forward a mechanism to resolve the issue through the wto disputes .
on 27 march , the eu decided to promptly respond to the temporary safeguard measures for the import of 15 kinds of steel from various countries , and shi guangsheng sent a letter to eu trade commissioner lamy , expressing deep concern over this and put forward bilateral negotiations with the eu .
seven killed in train collision in liaoning province
xinhua news agency , shenyang , march 30 ( reporter wang jun ) a train collision accident occurred in jinzhou city , liaoning province , at 14 : 13 on the 29 th , killing seven people and injuring three .
according to the safety inspection office of the shenyang railway bureau , a four - wheel agricultural vehicle collided with a train from the jinzhou county to the zhou jianyan district in the case of the accident .
at that time , 50 bags of chemical fertilizers and seeds were erected on the vehicle , and 14 people were also violated the regulations .
during the collision , four people were killed and no injuries were injured , and the remaining 10 people were injured , and the train compartments were damaged to a certain extent .
after the accident , leaders of the ministry of railways , the shenyang railway bureau , and the jinzhou city government have rushed to the scene to deal with the aftermath of the accident .
the council of arab states held an emergency meeting at the arab league headquarters on the same day to discuss the palestinian situation .
representatives of 22 arab countries ' permanent arab league attended the meeting .
at a press conference after the meeting , moussa said that israel 's military action against palestine clearly indicated that israel refused to accept peace .
what is currently taking place is israel 's continuation of its military occupation over palestine , and the palestinian people will continue to resist israel 's aggression .
he said : " as long as israel occupies the palestinian territory one day , as long as the tanks and soldiers of israel exist in the palestinian territory , the palestinian people 's resistance will continue for one day . "
xinhua news agency , jerusalem , march 31 ( reporter zhong huizhen and nie xiaoyang ) the israeli security cabinet decided on the evening of the 31 st to step up military strikes against the palestinian control area and put a series of military actions into practice .
on the afternoon of the same day , israeli prime minister sharon held a meeting at the core to discuss the current situation between israel and palestine and how to cope with the increasingly frequent bombing attacks on the palestinian side , and the meeting decided to increase military strikes against the palestinian side .
people in the political circles here have revealed that the security cabinet holds that increasing the intensity of the palestinian attacks can weaken the momentum of terrorist activities , but it is impossible to fundamentally stop such attacks .
sharon will deliver a television speech to the public on the evening of 31 april local time ( 1 april beijing time ) , explaining the government 's stance on handling the israeli - palestinian conflict .
cambodia , vietnam hold trade fair on products
xinhua news agency , phnom penh , april 1 ( reporter yan ming ) - cambodia - vietnam joint exhibition of goods opened here on the 1 st , with nearly 200 products displayed .
a total of 50 businessmen from cambodia and vietnam participated in the exhibition , and 55 exhibition stands were set up .
the exhibits include motorcycle , household electrical appliances , agricultural supplies , medicine , beverages , foodstuffs , and clothing .
at the opening ceremony , vietnamese ambassador to cambodia nguyen hung - hong said that vietnam and cambodia have great potential in developing economic and trade relations , and that the two countries can further promote economic and trade cooperation and exchanges through holding the exhibition .
he said : in recent years , gratifying progress has been made in the trade volume between the two countries , from $ 1.609 billion in 2000 to $ 11.8 billion in 2001 .
cambodia 's minister of commerce , the minister of commerce , said that the joint development of trade and economic cooperation between cambodia and vietnam is a good thing , which is conducive to promoting economic and trade relations between the two countries , and also conducive to promoting the economic development of the asean countries , which can enable cambodia and vietnam to integrate into the asean and the world economy at an early date .
indonesian badminton experts hold very good position in badminton
xinhua news agency report of april 1 from jakarta ( by staff reporter ma tong ) - - the chairman of the indonesian badminton club , the world champion of the men 's singles , said that the world ranking of the men 's singles in the world was very beneficial to the indonesian team .
he said : tao wenzhao is now in the 33 rd place , and this can become the second or third single hit , which is slightly lower than the burden of the first single hit .
in the group competitions , the victory in the first battle could affect the subsequent competition , at least psychological impact on the team members , so that they would strive to win victory .
however , if the indonesian team lost its first match , it would have the hope of winning a second or third match , and the final victory would be decided by two wins .
he said that after the match , the group was set to play the first match of the group , and that the young player was the world 's powerful player .
he expressed the belief that the philippine team had the hope to defeat its opponent , including china .
according to reports , 45 percent of the respondents believed that the indonesian team was able to win the championship and 21 percent felt that the chinese team had the hope to win the championship .
georgia will withdraw troops from the mountain valley of the koku mountain
xinhua news agency , moscow , april 2 , bilaterritoriality : the un special representative , georgia , abkhaz , and the four - party peacekeeping forces of the commonwealth of independent states ( cis ) signed a protocol on the withdrawal of georgia from the nagorno valley in bilaterina on the 2 nd .
the protocol stipulates that georgia 's troops will withdraw from the mountain valley before april 10 , while the peacekeeping forces and un observers will resume their patrol over the region , according to the russian news agency .
the united nations secretary - general 's special representative in georgia maintained that this protocol is a " good signal , " which indicates that georgia and abkhaz are willing to resolve conflicts on the basis of mutual compromise .
he said that this document should open up a path for further dialogue .
in 1992 , the abkhazia district authorities in georgia 's district of abkhazia had an armed conflict with the government due to the request of independence .
in october last year , the two sides exchanged fire at the foot of the mountain valley , where georgia immediately dispatched troops there .
xinhua news agency , ankara , april 2 ( reporter huairou ) the turkish foreign minister , in his speech at the plenary meeting of the turkish parliament on the 2 nd , said that the madrid process , which constituted a foundation for the middle east peace process , needs a new start , and turkey has proposed to hold a new international conference on the middle east issue .
the united states should take immediate action to end the great sufferings of the palestinian and israeli people and to kill them , the spokesman said .
he also stressed that the united states must treat both palestine and israel on an equal footing and perform its responsibility .
on turkey 's stance on the middle east issue , he said that the middle east is of great strategic significance to turkey , and that turkey hopes peace and stability in the region .
he also reiterated turkey 's support for the un security council 's recent resolution on the palestinian - israeli conflict .
the resolution urged palestine and israel to cease fire and ask israel to withdraw its troops from ramallah and other palestinian territories .
according to another report , turkey has also held an international meeting on the middle east issue , and the views of palestine , israel , and the middle east countries , egypt , saudi arabia , and jordan , and discussed with the united states , russia , and the european union .
the middle east peace conference held in the spanish capital of madrid in 1990 has laid down the principle of " land for peace . "
under the guidance of this principle , palestine and israel signed a declaration on the principles of the interim palestinian autonomy in washington in 1993 .
napster telecommunications company specialises in internet company blood transfusion
xinhua news agency , tokyo , april 3 , a spokesman for the japan telecom company , said on the 3 rd that the company will continue to support the development of a us internet company ( ifc ) in the united states and add 3.05 billion us dollars to it .
the spokesman said that according to their estimates , the company had to make up for the loss of at least $3.05 billion this year , and napster was willing to pay the money , and had planned to provide financial support for the azimo , until it has been able to make a profit .
it has been learned that the azimo company , situated in the state of konstanta , is an internet service provider for enterprises , and its business scope includes high - speed internet access , e - commerce , private network , and internet protection .
in 2000 , the japanese telecom corporation used $ 5.5 billion to buy it .
in the past few years , the company had only lost its losses , but napster had already invested $ 21.6 billion for it .
liberia 's anti - government armed forces close to capital
xinhua news agency , lagos , april 3 , the liberian military announced that the battle between liberia 's anti - government armed forces and the government forces has become more and more intense in the past week , and the three - day war has been approaching the military viacom of only 35 kilometers to the capital of the capital .
this distance was the same as that of the anti - government armed forces in february this year in the suburbs of the capital .
many towns in the barracks are the only way to the neighboring countries of cote d'ivoire and guinea .
the war broke out in the early morning on the 28 th of last month when the un investigation team was investigating the change of diamonds and the implementation of sanctions against liberia .
the reconciliation and democratic alliance of liberia and liberia are trying to further strengthen the offensive to overthrow the thai government and to force the president to step down .
a high - ranking military officer of the government army said that the main reason for the establishment of a military offensive is to occupy the diamond production area because they need to buy more weapons and need money to support the current economic situation .
the anti - government alliance , which began in 2000 , began a war against liberia 's president bill clinton .
xinhua news agency , united nations , april 4 ( reporter ding baozhong ) the united nations world food program 's executive director berlusconi said in new york on the 4 th that the world food program has issued nearly 1.7 billion us dollars in food aid in 2001 , becoming the world 's largest humanitarian aid organization .
on the same day , bertini reported to the un security council on the activities and role of this organization , pointing out that the world food program has extended its help to the disaster - stricken areas and the conflict - ridden regions around the world , and has saved many lives and made contributions to the reconstruction of some countries . this is conducive to the stability of the regional situation .
she said that the world food program provided 240 million us dollars of grain aid to afghanistan last year , which will benefit millions of afghan people .
bertini called on the united states to give the aid to the country , so as to enable the world food program to accomplish its new mission in 2002 .
he also said that the total amount of the project was 285 million us dollars , and it was only now time to raise 70 million us dollars .
bertini also called on the united nations system and member states to pay attention to the safety of the un personnel who are carrying out humanitarian missions , and to bring to justice those who harm to the un personnel .
according to statistics , since 1992 , a total of 204 un personnel have been harmed , but only 15 criminals have been arrested .
germany presents berlin wall walls to the united nations
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 5 , the german government presented the three wall of the berlin wall , which symbolized the east - west cold war , to the united nations .
according to foreign news agency reports , the height of the three wall , which is about 3.6 meters , is 2.8 tons , and is using a man and a woman to embellish the images of the wall .
the three wall street was transported to new york in october last year to commemorate the unification of the two koreas .
since the un garden , which is located on the east coast of new york , has been closed since the " 911 " incident , the public can not go to visit it .
un secretary general annan took advantage of this opportunity to say that the end of the state of separation between the east and the west shows that " peace is always possible , even in the middle east . "
the german parliament speaker , the speaker of the german federal assembly , told annan that before the completion of the berlin wall , many people had already had such a wall .
the berlin wall finally became history and benefited not only from the germans .
bill gates ( about ) mold man 's festival
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 5 , the president of microsoft company , who is a top - notch microsoft , was recently " joked " by a radio station in canada , which was a big joke on the day of the fool festival .
the chief of staff of the radio station of canada 's northern germany , the walter - walter , and the president of the massachusetts , made a telephone conversation with the german president , and called himself a canadian prime minister jean chretien on 1 april . he said that he was a canadian prime minister jean chretien and had a 10 - minute close conversation with him .
the topics involved the flaws of the world economy and the operation of the " windows " operating system . at the same time , bill gates was also invited to visit the chief of staff in an appropriate time .
on the evening of the 2 nd , the radio broadcast the recordings of the speech at the request of the broad masses of listeners the following day .
after the incident , the deutsche mark - man said that he did not expect to get in touch with the bill , but his assistant did not expect that this was only a " joke " of a foolish man .
after learning the truth , the spokesman of microsoft company said that this radio station had forged some documents , which made microsoft " convinced " that they were a staff member of the canadian government , and warned that although this " joke " was a good word , it was just a bit too big .
it has been learned that in the past , the radio station also joked some other celebrities , such as sirindhorn , who had been a demon .
xinhua news agency , ankara , april 5 ( reporter huaibo ) afghan interim government chairman karzai once again asked the multinational peacekeeping forces in afghanistan to expand their activities outside the capital of kabul on the 5 th .
after ending his two - day visit to turkey , karzai told reporters at the airport that the afghan people outside the capital kabul have regarded the expansion of peacekeeping forces as a guarantee for the sustainable security of afghanistan .
earlier this year , karzai asked the un security council to expand the scale of peacekeeping forces and deploy peacekeeping forces outside the capital of kabul .
he said : this is tantamount to issuing a signal , that is , the international community is shouldering the responsibility of a country that has been trampled upon by the 23 - year - old war .
turkey has agreed in principle to take over the command of the afghan peacekeeping forces from the british side .
however , because turkey is worried about the security situation outside kabul , it does not support the expansion of peacekeeping forces in the region .
the united states has already expressed its support for turkey 's stance .
afghan president hamid karzai said on wednesday that his troops would be involved in the reappearance of turmoil in afghanistan .
however , he added , the afghan government will accept any decision made by all countries participating in the peacekeeping forces .
another sandstorms hit north china
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 6 ( reporter dong jun ) - the central meteorological station issued a forecast at 6 : 00 pm today that due to the strong cold air , the eastern part of the northwest , the northern part of the north china sea , and the southern part of the northeast plain will have sand and dust storms .
according to the forecast , the central and eastern parts of inner mongolia , shaanxi , shanxi , and hebei provinces in the north of the three provinces of liaoning and jilin have sandstorms , and some areas in the western part of the huang he will have a strong wind and sand storms , and there will be five to seven major regions , and the temperature of the above - mentioned areas will fall to 12 degrees celsius , and the temperature will be reduced to 14 degrees celsius .
in the morning , the beijing city was still in the wind , but this afternoon it started to set up a squatter area to drive the outdoor activities one after another .
despite the central meteorological station 's announcement yesterday evening that there would be strong weather forecasts for north china , because it was just a spring rain , and the weather of the qing dynasty was still attracted to many residents .
today , the capital of inner mongolia autonomous region also suffered a big wind temperature reduction .
although the northerly winds brought up , the sky was still very clear .
experts said that the spring rain in the inner mongolia area yesterday hit 33 millimetres of rainfall in the urban area , which not only greatly eased the drought , but also effectively curbed the sandstorms .
by 2005 , the total scale of china 's telecommunications market will exceed 1 billion yuan
xinhua news agency , shanghai , april 6 ( reporter feng yizhen ) an official from the ministry of information industry , who is attending the china - russia high - level seminar on information and communication , revealed that by 2005 , the total scale of china 's telecommunications market will reach 1050 billion yuan , an increase of 2.5 times over 2000 .
according to the forecast , during the 10th five - year plan period ( 2001 to 2005 ) , china 's telephone number will grow at an average annual rate of about 26 percent , and its eastern and central regions will be 24 percent , and the central regions will be 26 percent , and the western regions will be 30 percent .
by 2005 , the number of telephone users across the country will reach 500 million , about 40 percent of which will be used .
china 's mobile phone users will expand to ordinary consumers and expand from simple news business to data exchange , high - speed multimedia , and high - speed multimedia businesses .
the internet business will continue to be the fastest growing business in china 's telecommunications industry , and the content of the demand will be extended from the narrow - angle to the broadband business , and the service industry will be developed from the high - speed , and the users will be expanded from large and medium - sized cities to central cities .
during the 10th five - year plan period , china 's data and multimedia internet users will grow at an average annual rate of more than 70 percent .
by 2005 , the number of internet users nationwide will reach 200 million .
annan to hold talks with russia , eu on middle east situation
xinhua news agency , madrid , april 7 ( reporter liu ruili ) - - - the un secretary - general annan will hold four - party talks in the spanish capital of madrid on the 7 th with the us secretary of state colin powell , the current foreign minister of spain , the eu 's senior representative for foreign and security policy , and the russian foreign minister igor ivanov held talks in the spanish capital of madrid to discuss ways to solve the serious deterioration of the palestinian - israeli conflict .
this news was revealed by annan in an exclusive interview with this reporter at the un headquarters in new york .
the al - qaeda newspaper published this special interview on the same day .
when talking about the role of the united nations in the current palestinian - israeli military conflict , annan said : in this conflict , the un security council has played a positive role in mediation , and the un security council has adopted two important resolutions on resolving the israel - palestine conflict .
he said : on 10 july , he will take advantage of the opportunity of attending the meeting in madrid to meet with senior leaders of the united states , the eu , and russia to discuss the grim situation in the middle east .
it has been learned that annan will attend the opening ceremony of the second world conference on the old age , which will be held in madrid on 8 november , and powell will also pay an official visit to spain next week to continue to sign the us - spanish military cooperation agreement , and ivanov will make a special trip to spain to discuss bilateral relations .
computer crime inflicted losses of billions of us dollars last year
xinhua news agency , washington , april 7 , the " 2001 computer crime and security investigation report " published by the united states on the 7 th showed that the increasingly brazen computer crime last year caused a loss of several billion us dollars to us companies and government departments , a big increase over 2000 .
the computer systems in all parts of the united states have been attacked by computer viruses , refused service attacks , and all kinds of security loopholes .
a total of 538 computer security experts from enterprises , government departments , and universities said that us companies and other institutions are required to pay a high price for computer - related crimes every year .
although the exact amount of losses was not yet final , 35 percent of the investigation departments admitted that they had suffered losses , with a total amount of more than $ 37.7 billion , a significant increase of nearly $ 26.56 billion over the year 2000 .
the report jointly compiled by the us computer security association and the federal bureau of investigation did not provide an assessment of the loss of personal users throughout the country .
berlin - based official language was confirmed as algeria
xinhua news agency , algiers , april 8 ( reporter xu donghua ) - the algerian parliament held a joint meeting of the two houses here on the 8 th to examine and approve a draft amendment to the constitution put forward by president abdelaziz bouteflika as one of the official languages recognized by the constitution .
in his speech at the meeting , the prime minister of azerbaijan , lincoln , pointed out that the passage of the draft means that the diversification of azerbaijan 's culture in the form of law is conducive to strengthening the unity of ethnic groups .
the number of people living in the northern african region is about one - half of the total population in algeria .
the post - independence constitution stipulates that the arabian constitution is the only official language , but it is opposed by the berlin people .
in april last year , there was a serious disturbance in the eastern part of the aryulin region , where people were staying .
more than 60 people were killed and more than 2,000 injured in the riots in the past three months .
the local people are requested to specify berlin - based official language in the constitution .
on 12 march this year , president abdelaziz bouteflika promised to meet the requirements of the berlin people through the revision of the constitution .
white house says israel 's withdrawal from west coast only starts
xinhua news agency , washington , april 8 , us white house spokesman fleischer issued a statement on the evening of the 8 th , saying that the withdrawal of israeli troops from the west bank of the jordan river was only " a start , " and the relevant parties in the middle east should fulfill their own responsibilities .
fleischer said in this brief written statement : " this is the beginning .
just as president bush said four days ago , all parties in the middle east should fulfill their own responsibilities and the president hopes that all parties will strengthen their efforts . "
the israeli army has not revealed when it will withdraw all its troops from other cities in the west bank since the early morning of the 9 th local time .
in his speech to reporters in tennessee on the same day , bush reiterated that israel must immediately withdraw its troops from palestinian territory , and stressed that he was " talking about it . "
bush said that he had told israeli prime minister sharon that he was waiting for israel to withdraw immediately .
bush says nato must establish new relations with russia
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 10 , according to sources here , us president bush met with visiting nato secretary general robertson on the 9 th in the white house , saying that nato must establish a " more constructive new - type relationship " with russia .
bush said : through establishing such relations , " we will eventually and forever eliminate the differences left over from the past . "
during the meeting , bush and robertson discussed a series of issues , including the iraq issue and nato 's eastward expansion .
bush said : " nato must develop new , flexible , and changeable ability to cope with the challenges of the 21 st century .
we must also absorb new members . "
when interviewed by reporters after the meeting , bush did not directly talk about iraq .
however , he said : " when we are carrying out the struggle against terrorism , we will hold close consultations with our allies . "
robertson said that he and bush discussed " the common threat we face in europe and north america , including weapons of mass destruction . "
he said that all nato member states will take joint action to overcome these threats and " achieve success . "
mexican president rejects u.s. visit to canada
xinhua news agency , mexico city , april 9 , according to mexico 's senate spokesman on the 9 th , mexican president fox , who is expected to visit the united states and canada in the middle of this month , was rejected by the senate .
this is the first time in the history of the senate to reject the president 's visit plan .
the spokesman said : the senate voted against the president 's visit with 71 - 41 votes .
senator who is opposed to this opinion holds that the president should put more energy on domestic affairs instead of being enthusiastic about foreign countries .
last year , president fox visited 15 foreign countries .
a senator said that the reason why they voted against the vote was because one of the main purpose of president fox 's visit was to hold talks with mexican immigration .
according to reports , after being vetoed by the senate , president fox 's overseas visit plan will also be submitted to the house of representatives for voting .
if he is still vetoed , his plan to visit abroad will soon get rid of .
however , if it is passed , the senate will review it again .
president fox was scheduled to visit seattle in the united states on 15 june , where he met with the chairman of microsoft company , and members of the mexican immigration community .
after that , he will fly to vancouver and carl , canada , and hold talks with local business and academic circles for a total of three days .
competition for west asian games launched
xinhua news agency , kuwait , april 10 ( reporter an jiang ) the west asian games have been going on for more than half a time since the opening ceremony , and the major event has been held long ago .
the 12 countries participating in this year 's games will compete for the gold medal in the first day of the tournament .
in the nine - day tournament , kuwait 's basketball team won the championship in the tournament with a weak point of 97.93 .
the syrian team defeated the iranian team 3 - 0 in the 1 - 9 draw .
in the soccer competition , if the team wants to ask the championship , it must win the championship in the competition with the " black ma " team today .
kuwait 's media have been called a " bottleneck " in the war , and the success or failure of the competition is as good as one .
the syrian team defeated the iranians by 3 - 32 on sunday to compete for the gold medal with the scotland team .
by the 9 th , the scientific and technological special team still had a total of 19 gold medals , 18 silver medals , 12 bronze medals , and a total of 49 medals . after that , it was followed by iran , syria , saudi arabia , qatar , and jordan .
powell says talks with ' arafat very important
xinhua news agency , madrid , april 10 , us secretary of state colin powell said here on the 10 th that during his visit to the middle east , he had " very important " talks with palestinian leader arafat , and he hoped that he would not encounter any difficulties on the issue of arranging talks with arafat .
powell made the above statement after holding talks with eu , russia , and the united nations officials .
he said : " arafat is the leader of the palestinian people , and i think the leaders of the palestinian people and the arab countries believe that he is the target that israel must deal with . "
according to reports , us white house spokesman fleischer said in washington that the israeli side had promised to the united states that powell would meet ' arafat during his visit to the middle east .
on the same day , israeli defense minister benjamin told reporters in the west bank city of the jordan river that israel will not stop powell from holding talks with ' arafat later this week .
this time , powell went to the middle east to mediate and did not have any plan to meet with arafat .
palestinian officials once said that if powell refuses to meet with arafat , there will be no palestinian representative to hold talks with him .
during powell 's visit to morocco and egypt , the leaders of arab countries also repeatedly stressed that if he does not meet with ' arafat , he will not achieve results .
former yugoslav interior minister attempts to commit suicide
xinhua news agency , belgrade , april 11 ( reporter yang chengming ) - - - the suspect of war criminals wanted by the hague court , former yugoslav interior minister , and the incumbent federal assembly member , the federal republic of yugoslavia [ fry ] , opened their head in front of the federal assembly building on the evening of the 11 th .
he was rushed to the hospital for emergency treatment , and so far he has not yet been in danger .
" as a member of the federal assembly , i took this action to express my protest against this puppet regime .
i denounce them for wantonly violating the constitution and the law of the fry and trampling on state dignity , and for destruction of this country . "
the yugoslav president kostunica issued a statement on the evening of the incident , saying that the incident of sikovic 's suicide was a warning to the western countries that continually imposed conditions and pressure on the federal republic of yugoslavia .
the federal republic of yugoslavia ( fry ) and the federal assembly of the federal republic of yugoslavia ( fry ) signed a law on cooperation between the federal republic of yugoslavia ( fry ) and the federal republic of the federal republic of yugoslavia ( fry ) .
the law stipulates that any war criminal suspects wanted by the hague court before the law was passed will be extradited to the hague court as long as they are found in yugoslavia 's territory .
according to the law , sikovic will also be extradited to the hague .
saudi arabia donated funds for support of palestine
xinhua news agency , riyadan , april 12 ( reporter yu kaiyuan ) in order to support palestine , saudi arabia , from 4 : 00 pm to 3 : 00 am on the 11 th , carried out a nationwide fund - raising campaign through television stations .
the saudi national tv station has set up 30 hotline telephones and 15 computers to accept donations .
the television station also set up a reception group composed of 25 people to be responsible for receiving the donations .
the event was held in cash with a total of 2.1 billion liar ( 56 million us dollars ) and a large amount of material .
saudi arabia 's king took the lead in donating 10 million liar ( 26.7 million us dollars ) , and the crown prince abdullah donated 5 million peshawar ( 1.34 million us dollars ) . the prince also donated the prince of saudi arabia 's famous entrepreneur , the prince .
although the rest day in saudi arabia on the 11 th and 12 th are rest days , and the thunderstorm is still in the midst of the tv station , the long dragon , who is waiting to be donated .
many companies and enterprise staff members also donated their own wages for one day .
election campaign in east timor ends
xinhua news agency , jakarta , april 12 , the three - week presidential election in east timor was officially completed on the 12 th .
the voters will elect the first president of an independent country to be officially elected on may 20 .
the candidates participating in the presidential election included sand sculptures and sharif .
gusmao was the leader of the east timor independence movement , and the announcement was made in november 1975 , but the " democratic republic of east timor " was only a short time .
the two candidates held an open debate in the imperial parliament on the 11 th , and answered questions raised by voters .
he said he would first work to solve the economic problems in the country after winning the election , adding that he would ensure democracy in the country .
public opinion generally believes that the possibility of winning the victory of the gust is very great because he is regarded as an independent hero in east timor .
under the united nations ' leadership , east timor held a referendum on august 30 , 1999 , and the overwhelming majority of voters choose independence .
on august 30 last year , the constitutional assembly of east timor was formally elected , and the first constitution of the country was passed in march this year .
the new constitution will come into effect on may 20 when east timor is officially independent , and the constitutional assembly will become the first national assembly .
chinese fm spokesman on death of one chinese worker in jerusalem explosion
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 13 , foreign ministry spokeswoman zhang qiyue confirmed here today that a chinese worker died in the explosion at a jerusalem bus station on the afternoon of april 12 , and two other chinese workers were injured and one chinese worker was missing .
zhang qiyue said : at about 4 pm on 12 april , a suicide bombing incident occurred at a bus station in jerusalem 's cold city center , killing six people on the spot and injuring more than 70 people .
in the explosion , one chinese worker died , two chinese workers were injured , and one chinese worker was missing .
she said that after the incident , the chinese embassy in israel attached great importance to the incident , and immediately sent people to the relevant company representatives to the jerusalem , and to visit the injured and to understand the situation and handle the aftermath of the incident .
the chinese embassy had notified the chinese citizens and chinese companies of israel to pay attention to the safety and to act cautiously .
she said that the chinese government expresses condolences over the chinese citizens ' deaths in the explosion and expresses sympathy for their families .
the chinese side strongly condemns the violent activities of innocent people , and strongly calls on the israeli and palestinian sides to take practical action to stop violent confrontation , and to prevent the situation from worsening as soon as possible so as to avoid more innocent civilians .
zhang qiyue said : the chinese government has once again reminded the chinese embassy in israel to pay attention to the safety of the chinese citizens and the plan to visit israel , and to contact the family members of the chinese people . once an emergency occurs , the chinese government should make prompt contact with the chinese embassy in israel .
according to the egyptian middle east news agency report , the foreign ministers of the two countries unanimously held that israel should respond positively to the four - party joint statement issued by the united nations , the united states , russia , and the eu in spain , and immediately withdraw its troops from the palestinian territory .
al - qaeda reported to pique on friday his meeting with arafat in ramallah , the west bank city of the jordan river .
the palestinian side is ready to work together with the international community to seek ways to end israel 's invasion of palestinian territories in accordance with the relevant un resolutions .
the two leaders agreed to continue to maintain contact with the parties concerned and seek a thorough solution to the middle east conflict .
us state department spokesman richard boucher , who was accompanying powell on his middle east visit , said earlier on the same day that due to the explosion in the jerusalem cold city center on the 12 th , powell cancelled the original plan to hold a meeting with arafat on the 13 th .
however , a us state department official , who declined to reveal his name , revealed that the meeting between powell and ' arafat may be postponed to the 14 th .
the two sides also had a telephone conversation with lebanese prime minister hariri on the latest developments in the palestinian situation .
uae army chief calls for more private redevelopment
xinhua news agency , abu dhabi , april 13 ( reporter xing xudong ) - the foreign minister of the united arab emirates and the united arab emirates announced to the press on the evening of the 13 th that albania will be responsible for the reconstruction of the palestinian militants , which are damaged by the israeli army , and the reconstruction work will soon begin so that those families that are homeless will have their own homes at an early date .
the united arab emirates 's red crescent , which is responsible for the operation , has drawn up specific plans for the restoration of buildings and public facilities damaged in the refugee camp , after coordination with the united nations and the united nations .
the minister also said that since israel launched a large - scale military operation in the west bank town of the jordan river on march 29 , the united arab emirates has organized several nationwide donations to palestine . currently , the amount of donations has reached 3500 million people ( nearly 100 million us dollars ) .
( details added ) chavez rebecomes venezuelan president
xinhua news agency , caracas , april 14 ( reporter jia anping ) - the venezuelan president , chavez , who was detained by the coup military two days ago , returned to the presidential palace on the 14 th , and was again sworn in as the president of the republic of venezuela .
in a televised speech to the whole country , chavez thanked the venezuelan people for their trust and support for him , thanked the organization of the american states , the rio group , and the group of 77 and other international organizations for their actions to safeguard democracy and condemn the coup d ' etat , and called on all circles in venezuela to take a reconcile action .
chavez stressed that venezuela needs peace , stability , and wisdom , and that all sides should make joint efforts to stop the conflict .
he said : through this incident , " we have learned many things , and we will strive to correct the mistakes and errors in the past and build our country together . "
a military coup took place on the 11 th in venezuela , and more than 10 high - ranking officers declared that they would not support the chavez administration and would be detained by chavez .
carmona , former chairman of the venezuelan business council , was appointed as interim president of the transitional government on the 12 th .
on the same day , the masses in support of chavez held a peaceful demonstration in the capital , asking chavez to retake office .
on the afternoon of the 13 th , a group of relatives and friends , the vice president for the protection of the military personnel , returned to the presidential palace , and was sworn in as the interim president , carmona announced his resignation .
the armed forces supporting chavez then issued an ultimatum to the coup military , and occupied the important strategic stronghold army .
in the early morning of 14 april , chavez returned to the presidential palace by helicopter from the detained caribbean island .
xinhua news agency , damascus , april 15 ( reporter ren zhenxi ) syrian president basins held talks with visiting us secretary of state colin powell here on the 15 th , during which the two sides discussed the latest development of the middle east situation , especially the serious situation in palestine , and the tense situation in the lebanon - israel border region .
according to a report from the syrian news agency , president bashar said during the talks : " the incident in palestine has caused the ( middle east ) peace process to enter a dead - end street . if we cannot understand this point , the development of the matter may reach the level of recovery . at that time , we can only wait for the time of the generation . "
he pointed out that only after israel withdraws from the palestinian territories occupied by it can it talk about the peace process .
he said : " only when both sides are willing to realize peace can peace be realized . "
he called on the united states to have clear - cut views on middle east peace and play a role in this regard so that relevant un resolutions can be effectively implemented .
with regard to the suicide act carried out by the palestinians , bashar said that these actions are not the root cause of the current incident in the occupied palestinian territories , but the consequences of the incident , and are counterattacks against israel .
he pointed out : the best way to do so is to remove the tension in palestine .
according to diplomatic sources , during the talks between powell and bashar , they also discussed the issue of the border between lebanon and israel .
powell arrived in syria at noon that day for a short visit from beirut .
new york stock market moves lower
xinhua news agency , new york , april 15 , the dow jones index dropped to the lowest level in eight weeks due to the poor performance of the citibank and the mainland airlines .
the dow jones industrial average closed down 97.15 at 10,93.67 , the lowest level since february 22 , and the technology heavy nasdaq composite index fell 2.41 at 173.78 , and the standard & amp ;
the nyse composite index and the russell 2000 index of smaller companies fell 0.23 at 438.45 and the american stock exchange composite index rose slightly .
nyse volume declined to 1.62 billion shares from 12.6 billion in the previous session .
the citibank announced on the same day that due to the loss of business in argentina , the bank 's first quarter profit did not achieve its expected target , and the mainland airlines also announced that the first quarter of this year was a loss .
as a result , investors are worried about the achievements of listed companies to be announced this week , so they have maintained a wait - and - see attitude .
wall street stocks fell to a low level after the slight fluctuations in the wall street and the volume of trading was also lower .
the technologies of the citibank , the mainland 's aviation , general electric , and other blue chips , such as microsoft , intel , the intel corp . , the orthodox , the dome , and the sun , all fell .
powell to hold talks with palestinian and israeli leaders again
xinhua news agency , jerusalem , april 16 ( reporter zhong chui - hua ) us secretary of state colin powell , who is visiting here , will hold talks with israeli prime minister sharon and palestinian national authority chairman arafat on the afternoon of the 16 th and 17 th .
according to reports , powell will postpone his visit to the middle east for at least 24 hours and continue to mediate between israel and palestine .
powell expressed the hope that israel and palestine will issue a joint statement , condemning the terrorist attacks on israelis and palestinians , and calling for the establishment of a palestinian state through negotiations and continuing to crack down on terrorism .
on the evening of 15 july , powell concluded his one - day visit to lebanon and syria , and returned to israel , and announced the plan to hold talks with arafat on 16 july .
powell told the press that the united states supports sharon 's proposal on holding regional and regional meetings , and also said that arafat could send a high - level delegation to attend the meeting .
in this regard , arafat has indicated that only israel will immediately withdraw its troops from the west bank control area , and that the palestinian side will accept the proposal of holding regional peace and stability .
powell held talks with sharon on 12 june .
on 14 july , he went to ramallah , the west bank city of the jordan river to hold talks with ' arafat , who was surrounded by israeli troops .
on the evening of the same day , he briefed sharon on the situation of the talks with arafat .
u.n. high commissioner for refugees visits afghanistan
xinhua news agency , kabul , april 16 ( reporter liu xuqian ) - the un high commissioner for refugees , who is currently on a visit to afghanistan , met with afghan interim government chairman karzai on the evening of the 15 th , and the two sides held talks on the return of the refugees to the countryside and the reintegration of the society .
the united nations , the unhcr , said in a press release on the 16 th that the reintegration of refugees into the society is important to the realization of stability in afghanistan .
he stressed that the security problem of refugees returning to the countryside must be protected , and the security of the rural areas is very important to avoiding the excessive influx of refugees into the cities .
karzai thanked the unhcr for its long - term work in afghanistan .
he said that reintegration of refugees into society is one of the key tasks of the interim government .
he stressed that the return of those who have lost their homes in the country is an urgent problem that has to be resolved .
he said that the current situation in most areas of afghanistan is stable , and there are sufficient rainwater , and that these people can immediately resume farming and be self - reliant on grain after returning to their native place .
according to a spokesman for the united nations refugee office , since the un refugee office and the afghan interim government officially started to help the refugees return to their home country on march 1 , more than 240,000 afghan refugees have returned from pakistan , and the number of refugees returned from iran has reached 5,000 , and the remaining 4,000 from tajikistan has returned to the country .
forty per cent of these people had flowed into the city .
miers arrived in afghanistan after concluding their visit to iran .
he will visit pakistan on 17 july .
european badminton championships to start second round of european badminton championships
xinhua news agency , stockholm , april 17 ( reporter wu ping ) - the european badminton championships held a second round of competitions in the southern german city of maryland today .
in addition to a mixed two - way game , other sports competitions have begun to be eliminated .
in the men 's singles competition , the seed players and the british columbia university were eliminated by denmark .
the women 's singles , who were eliminated , are the first seed players of denmark , and she was defeated by german wills .
in the men 's double - beating competition , the seed players , sweden 's competitor , andrey , and harri holkeri defeated a russian competitor .
the women 's champion , who was eliminated by the two men , is the wilson of the wilderness , and they lost their opponent to poland and belarus .
according to the schedule , the five matches will be held tomorrow at one - eighth and final of the final .
the final two rounds will be held on the 19 th and 20 th respectively .
palestinians condemn israeli troops ' invasion of palestinian people
xinhua news agency , gaza , april 18 ( reporter du zhen ) - the palestinian national authority issued a statement on the 17 th , condemning the israeli army for its continuous infringement on the palestinian people in the west bank and gaza strip , saying that the policy of using force by israeli prime minister sharon has " strangled all hope for the realization of peace in the region . "
the statement said : the main reason for the failure of us secretary of state powell 's middle east mediation efforts is that " the israeli government and its prime minister sharon refused to withdraw troops from the palestinian city and end military action there . "
the israeli army continued to control most of the west bank cities on the same day .
according to an eyewitness , the israeli army 's armored force once withdrew from jenin on the same day , but it quickly returned and reoccupied the center area .
israeli troops fired one palestinian in the vicinity of israeli settlements in southern gaza on the evening , israeli radio reported .
palestinian security officials said that the palestinians were killed by the settlement .
the israeli military said that he was shot by the israeli army when he was trying to attack the settlement with several other palestinian militants .
putin 's state of the nation address
xinhua news agency , moscow , april 18 , russian president putin issued a state of the nation address at the joint meeting of the russian parliament on the 18 th , pointing out that russia should become a powerful and competitive country , and should work hard to develop a constructive and normal relationship with all countries in the world , and should become a real member of the international community .
putin said : russia 's national construction goal is still to develop democracy and build a civilized market economy , and the most important thing is to improve the people 's living standards .
in summing up last year 's work , he pointed out that the country has achieved certain results in fulfilling its main tasks , the economy has maintained a sustained growth , the number of unemployed people has decreased , the people 's living standards have improved , and the russian people are full of confidence in the future .
putin expressed satisfaction with the good implementation of the budget and the improvement of the operating environment for two years running .
he stressed in particular that russia 's oil output has already ranked second in the world , and its energy trade volume ranks first in the world .
in his state of the nation address , putin also expounded the national development plan and domestic and foreign policies for this year .
this was the third time that putin issued a state of the nation address to the two chambers of the parliament since he took office as president .
nearly 1,000 members , 89 main federal leaders , the president 's office , and the responsible persons of government departments attended the joint meeting .
china supports european parliament 's report
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 19 , in response to a reporter 's question today , foreign ministry spokeswoman zhang qiyue commented on a report passed by the european parliament .
a reporter asked : on 11 april , the plenary session of the european parliament deliberated and adopted the " report on the european parliament 's strategic documents on china . "
what is china 's comment on this ?
zhang qiyue answered : the chinese side has noticed that the european parliament has recently passed this report .
the report held that china and the eu have a wide range of common interests , advocate the development of sino - eu partnership , strengthen bilateral contacts , exchanges , and dialogue , and expand cooperation in the economic , trade , science and technology , education , culture , and other fields .
we welcome the above - mentioned positive proposals .
however , the report has made many wrong conclusions on china 's human rights situation , taiwan , and tibet issues , and seriously interfered in china 's internal affairs . this is unacceptable to the chinese side .
it is hoped that the european parliament will earnestly abide by the one - china principle and do more things beneficial to the development of bilateral relations , so as to avoid creating a negative impact on sino - european relations .
staff members of the indian high - level special staff office in pakistan released
xinhua news agency , new delhi , april 19 ( reporter xiong changyi ) - - - indian foreign ministry spokesman rao , announced on the evening of the 19 th that the staff of the indian high - level special staff office in pakistan , which was kidnapped in the capital of pakistan , had been released in the afternoon .
rao said that after the pakistani police informed the indian high - ranking special staff headquarters in pakistan , they handed over the card to the indian side in a local police station .
it is now hospitalized as a result of being hit by bad luck .
she said that the palestinian police refused to put the case on file for investigation according to the kidnapping , which made people suspect that the palestinian intelligence department was involved in the incident .
carmona was kidnapped when he was working on a public car on the morning of the 19 th .
the indian foreign ministry issued a statement on the morning of the same day , strongly protesting against pakistan 's kidnapping of a high - ranking indian special staff member in pakistan under the heavens .
various types of enterprises in hebei province actively declare foreign trade management
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , april 20 ( reporter yan jie ) the reporter learned from the hebei provincial department of foreign trade and economic cooperation that since the beginning of this year , nearly 200 enterprises of various types have handled the registration rights of foreign trade and economic cooperation in the provincial foreign trade and economic cooperation department , which is 2.3 times that of the same period last year .
according to sources , there are 39 registered foreign trade companies , including 17 private foreign trade companies .
there are also dozens of commercial , material , and marketing enterprises and state - owned collective enterprises .
the number of private production enterprises also announced the right to manage foreign trade .
more and more private enterprises have joined the wto , which is a new atmosphere in which they declare their foreign trade right now .
in july last year , the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation further relaxed the conditions and standards for the import and export management rights of all types of enterprises , and changed the original examination and approval and registration system to a unified standard and management method for various types of ownership enterprises , thus promoting the enthusiasm of all types of enterprises in the declaration .
israel says cooperation with un panel on investigation on truth
xinhua news agency , jerusalem , april 20 , the israeli government officials said on the 20 th that they would cooperate with the un commission on the investigation of the truth in the west bank of the jordan river .
israeli radio quoted an israeli government official as saying that the israeli side will show records of the israeli army 's videotapes on the military operations in the refugee camp and allow members of the delegation to cover the soldiers and commanders involved in military operations , and hopes that the delegation will maintain objective and just in the course of the investigation .
the un security council unanimously passed a resolution on the investigation by the united states on the sidelines of an investigation by the un investigation group .
a few hours before the voting , israeli foreign minister shimon peres telephoned un secretary general annan , saying that israel would welcome the un representative to " clarify " the truth of the refugee camp .
on the same day , annan also made a telephone call to the united nations defense minister ecevit , and the latter also agreed to investigate the un delegation .
it has been learned that the israeli army had a fierce fire with the palestinian armed forces during the israeli - palestinian military operation , and 23 israeli soldiers were killed and 50 palestinian people were killed . most of them were palestinian armed personnel .
recently , the international community has demanded that an investigation into the most recent conflict in the israeli - palestinian conflict be conducted in the private sector .
the palestinian side accused the israeli army of carrying out the massacre there , killing several hundred people , but israel flatly denied this .
china expresses strong dissatisfaction with koizumi 's visit to yasukuni shrine
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 21 , chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman zhang qiyue pointed out here today that the chinese side resolutely opposes the japanese leader 's visit to the yasukuni shrine , which is enshrined in the spirits of class - a war criminals in any form .
the chinese side expressed strong dissatisfaction with the action of the japanese leader .
commenting on japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi 's visit to the yasukuni shrine this morning , zhang qiyue said that the japanese way of doing so will only damage japan 's own image and make it more difficult for japan to win the trust of the people of all asian countries on the issue of history .
this is koizumi 's second visit to the yasukuni shrine since he took office .
the yasukuni shrine is a place where the japanese pay respects to war criminals who died in the war of aggression since the meiji restoration , and the hideki tojo and other class - a war criminals who died in the war of aggression are also enshrined here .
france holds first round of voting in presidential election
xinhua news agency , paris , april 21 ( reporter liang guihe and the first round of voting for the french presidential election began at 840,000 polling stations in france on the morning of the 21 st .
of the 16 candidates , 40 million will be elected as the seventh president of the republic of france .
the result was announced later on the day .
according to the french ministry of interior , the voter turnout rate was 21.41 percent at noon on the 21 st , which was lower than the figure of 22.52 percent in the first round of the presidential election in 1995 .
according to the media here , this year 's voter turnout rate may hit the lowest level in history .
the french constitution stipulates that if no candidate wins more than 51 percent of the votes in the first round of voting , then the two candidates will enter the second round of the may 5 election .
according to the final opinion poll released last friday , incumbent president chirac and incumbent prime minister lionel jospin may win a very close vote in the first round .
since the number of candidates in the presidential election has reached a record high in france , the number of voters may be very scattered in the first round of voting .
in the first round of the election , the presidential candidate of the french ultra - rightist national front may occupy the third place , and may even get into the " cold door " of the former two .
u.s. to help georgia transform armed forces
xinhua news agency , moscow , april 22 ( reporter zhou liang ) - the georgian president shevardnadze denied a report on the us has refused to help georgia transform the troops .
the statement was made by shevardnadze at a press conference held in bilaterritoriality , the russian news agency reported .
he said that the united states and georgia have not changed the agreement reached earlier by us military experts to help georgia transform the armed forces , but there is only no specific date for us military experts to arrive in georgia .
he said : us military experts are now preparing for the visit to georgia , and they will come to georgia sooner or later .
he pointed out : the strengthening of cooperation between georgia and the united states in the military field is not directed at russia .
according to the agreement reached between georgia and the united states , us military experts will help georgia train four camps and one company .
israel 's journalists ' association urges israel to return israel 's confiscations
xinhua news agency , jerusalem , april 22 ( reporter zhong chui - hua ) - the foreign journalists ' association in israel issued a statement on the 22 nd , urging the israeli military to immediately return at least 17 foreign journalists in the west bank city of bethlehem .
the statement said that a israeli army officer had confiscated a number of documents for the work of the palestinian and foreign journalists who worked in the international news agency on the day of the birth of jesus christ , but did not produce any documents .
the statement pointed out that the israeli army 's confiscation of the reporters was actually trying to restrict the israeli army and the palestinian militants ' confrontation in the great church of jesus , but not out of consideration of the security of reporters , and this violated the israeli army 's commitment last week to the foreign journalists ' association .
on 2 april , more than 200 palestinian militants in bethlehem will be trapped in the church of jesus , and the confrontation between the two sides has been going on .
in face of pressure , india holds peace pricewaterhousecoopers
( india 's abidjan ) - - - a few hundred indian followers , dressed in white colour , held a peace pricewaterhousecoopers ceremony yesterday under the supervision of the anti - riot police .
the proposal was proposed to build a indian temple at the site of the orthodox church , the leader of the hindu temple , in addition to the place of the supreme court banning any religious ceremony , to a government official .
the day before yesterday , nablus said that he would do so in disregard of the order to hold a meeting in arnacheng .
however , he suddenly made a soft attitude yesterday , saying that he would change the pricewaterhousecoopers to another place in aryah .
according to local media reports , the 93 - year - old pagbalha geleg namgyai has changed its original intention under the pressure of the ruling indian people 's party .
before this , the indian authorities held a pricewaterhousecoopers near the original site of the church , and sent more military and police personnel to the northern town of the country because they were worried about the issue of the islamic extremist elements .
one - fourth of the report abides by opposition or abstentions
npc deputies still dissatisfied with judicial system reform achievements
( zhou yupeng report ) more than one - fourth of the npc deputies yesterday voted against the work report of the supreme people 's court and the supreme people 's procuratorate , indicating that they are still dissatisfied with the reform achievements of the judicial system and the progress of the rule of law .
however , at the great hall of the people , 2813 deputies attending the closing session of the fifth session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] , 2742 people voted for premier zhu rongji 's government work report , and the rate of the approval rate was 97.5 percent , which was similar to last year .
all sides expect that zhu rongji , who has openly indicated that he will withdraw from the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc 's 16 th cpc national congress , which will be held this fall .
however , the result of the vote showed that zhu was not cold by the npc deputies due to the imminent loss of power .
the 10 - and - a - half - day congress yesterday also approved a deficit of 309.8 billion yuan ( about 8.68 billion yuan ) for 2002 .
li peng , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress , made a report on the work of the npc standing committee , which was slightly more than last year 's opposition to and abstentions .
the report of the standing committee of the national people 's congress [ npc ] yesterday won a vote of no . 7 votes , 112 against , and 114 abstentions .
last year 's report won 472 votes , 85 votes , and 122 abstentions .
although the response of the npc deputies yesterday was slightly better than last year , the npc deputies still voted against the work report of the supreme people 's court and the supreme people 's procuratorate .
xiao yang , president of the supreme people 's court , received 2026 votes , 528 votes , and 259 abstentions yesterday .
last year , his report received 193 votes , 530 votes , and 306 abstentions .
the report of han zhubin , procurator general of the supreme people 's procuratorate , received 2044 votes , 516 against , and 253 abstentions yesterday .
last year , his report received 1873 votes , 584 votes , and 332 abstentions .
since this year is the last session of the current npc , the npc will be changed to the next year . therefore , the " decision on the election of the 10 th national people 's congress [ npc ] , " which is to be adopted by yesterday , has been stipulated that the 10 th npc should be elected by the end of january next year .
china to accelerate change of local party and government leaders
a source in beijing 's " two sessions " revealed to ming pao that after the conclusion of the national people 's congress [ npc ] and the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , the work of the local party and government leaders will be accelerated .
the central authorities demanded that all localities carry out the work of electing new leading bodies before the end of june this year , and the 17 provinces , municipalities , and autonomous regions that have yet to be completed will form new leading bodies .
the report said : according to the cpc central committee 's selection and appointment standards , members of provincial - level party and government leading bodies should generally have college - level or higher education level or above .
the central authorities also stipulate that the new secretary of the provincial party committee is under 59 years of age and under 56 years of age .
in addition , in order to strengthen the cpc 's leadership over people 's congresses at all levels , the people 's congresses at all levels will be given the position of party committees at the same level .
sources pointed out that since march last year , 62 party and government leaders in 31 provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities across the country have been transferred and replaced .
among them , since last year , a total of 14 provinces and municipalities have completed the adjustment of local party committees , including inner mongolia , jiangxi , hubei , hainan , yunnan , and qinghai .
in various provinces , municipalities , and autonomous regions , the provincial governors and mayors of shanghai , jiangxi , shandong , hunan , and yunnan , totaling 11 provincial and ministerial - level officials were transferred to the posts .
no one was arrested for grenade attack at us embassy in yemen
( agence france - presse , yemeni ) - an official from yemen and the united states said that a young yemeni had been killed and no one was injured in the attack .
u . s . embassy in italy received white slamming
in rome , the us embassy in italy received a postal bag containing white flour on the day before yesterday , and embassy officials were worried that it could be concealed in the postal bags .
a spokesman for the embassy said that this postal bag had been sent to the local fire station 's biochemist for testing , and the results would be announced next week .
an official from the yemeni ministry of interior told a state - owned television station that the 25 - year - old youth , named abdallah , was throwing a grenade at the us embassy in the northeastern part of the capital city of samara .
he said that the ahmadinejad is from the province of the 60 - km northwest of samara , and he also has another grenade in the course of arrest .
the grenade explosion did not cause any casualties or damage , the official said .
eyewitnesses said that after the grenade explosion , the police immediately surrounded the area around the embassy .
in washington , state department spokesman boucher said that initial investigations showed that the embassy did not suffer any losses , and no one was injured in the embassy .
the dry case is being detained by the yemeni authorities .
the authorities said that this grenade had not been torn into the wall of the embassy .
new york stock market moves up
( composite ) the us consumer confidence and industrial production have risen as a whole , and the wall street market has risen again and again , and the three major indices have risen to the fifth week , while the dow jones industrial and commercial index has become more stable .
investors believe that with the gradual economic recovery in the united states , corporate profits are also expected to rise , and the sales of wal - mart 's main chain stores in the united states , as well as the us credit card issuers , have taken the lead in the record of the long - term increase in september 2000 .
when the market closed on friday , the dow jones industrial and commercial index reported 107.23 points , 90.09 points or 0.9% .
the us automatically quoted 186.30 points , 14.16 points or 0.8% , and the broader index of the standard & poor 's 500 index was 116.16 points , 13.12 points or 1.1% .
for the whole week , the dow jones index rose slightly by 0.3% to 5.8% this year .
the standard & amp ; poor 's 500 rose 0.2 percent , while the us automatic price index fell 3.2 percent , the first week in the three weeks .
the university of michigan announced on friday the us consumer confidence index , for the fifth time in the past six months , reaching the highest level in 15 months , indicating that the economic recovery is not small .
on the other hand , the index of industrial production rose 0.4 percent in february this year , the second highest in 17 months .
the economist considers that these two data have made the economic recovery more clearly defined .
therefore , the trend of the future market may also move forward in a more optimistic area .
on the new york stock exchange , the russell 2000 index of smaller companies was up 4 to 3 , with a turnover of 1.4 billion shares .
but the u.s. stock price index fell 6 to 5 percent .
on the british market , the mai corp . of the mai corp . of the company may lay off its employees , and the biotech company , which may stop selling stocks , will bring about an optimistic atmosphere to the market and push the stock market to a higher level of 0.6% .
however , pharmaceutical manufacturers , gongs and drums , the second best sellers of the country , may face the competition of the indian rival , as well as the expectation of the german bank to reduce the price of the largest mobile phone in europe , but the price of the index has been limited .
london 's financial times closed at 529,270 points on friday , up 31.30 points .
dprk patrol boats intrude into south korean territorial waters
( seoul , us - us joint venture ) south korean officials said that a north korean patrol boat intruded into south korea 's territorial waters yesterday .
the south korean navy ship , which crossed the yellow sea 15 - km border and stayed 42 minutes later , was driven by south korean warships .
it said that the dprk patrol boat was carrying out an inspection of a cambodian ship intruding into south korea 's territorial waters .
obviously , the sea border between south korea and north korea is not clear , and yesterday 's situation was the second time in this year 's time .
the rok accused the dprk of violating 12 sea areas in the western region last year , but every time it was not serious .
in 1999 , a series of korean naval incidents caused the first sea clash since the korean war , causing a north korean naval vessel to sink , and it was believed that 30 north korean soldiers were killed .
on the other hand , intelligence sources said that 25 north korean defectors were staying at a military base in the philippines yesterday before flying to south korea for asylum .
these refugees arrived at manila airport from beijing on friday night .
a relevant person said : " their documents on their way to the rok are being handled . "
the korean foreign ministry said that the north korean people will fly to seoul on monday by air korea airlines .
u.s. officials say al - qaeda to increase capital flow
( washington , d . c . ) according to a us media report , a us official who was unwilling to reveal his name said recently that in the past few weeks , the international number one terrorist group , the al - qaeda , which has increased its financial activities . this shows that some leaders of the al - qaeda organization are resuming their control over the organization and may seek more financial assistance to the united states .
the official said that while the fund flow in the al - qaeda was increasing , the communication link between the survivors was also increasing .
information intercepted by us intelligence departments showed that members of the organization of small - sized al - qaeda and taliban fighters are being linked .
most of the communications links were concentrated in the northwestern region of pakistan , which is close to the afghan border .
the official said that these activities show that some well - known leaders of the al - qaeda organization are resuming their control over the remnants of the terrorists , but this us official is unwilling to list the names of these people .
the former us central intelligence agency 's anti - terrorism department said that there was a great deal of signs that the al - qaeda was reestablished , and that the communication ties between them were conducted through the internet , and the exchange of funds was very frequent .
the official said that the organization of the organization of the islamic republic of qatar has started to be active since the beginning of this year .
taiwan democratic progressive party legislator chen jinde visits beijing
chen jinde , a member of the taiwan democratic progressive party , arrived in beijing yesterday for a visit to beijing with a number of taiwan fishery groups .
chen jinde was the first member of the democratic progressive party to visit the mainland after the chinese vice premier qian qichen delivered a speech on the 7 th anniversary of " jiang 's eight - point proposal " to welcome the visit of the vast number of dpp members to the mainland in a proper capacity .
chen jinde arrived in hong kong on saturday for a 10 - day visit .
chen jinde stressed that the purpose of his visit was to help him solve the problem of the shortage of fishing industry in the yilan district . he did not want to visit the mainland in his personal capacity . however , he revealed that he would meet with the chinese ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation and the mainland 's relevant non - governmental organizations , and hoped that the beijing authorities would agree to resume the opening of the fishing industry .
after the chinese mainland prohibits the fishing industry from entering taiwan , the fishing industry in the yilan area is seriously inadequate , and because of the help of the fishing industry in the electoral district , chen jinde decided to visit beijing and taiwan 's fishing industry association , and help the industry in the mainland to resume the opening of fishing industry and the fishing industry .
the delegation was formed by the chairman of the 13 regional fishing association of taiwan province , led by huang yongjia , director - general of the taiwan provincial fisheries association , and headed a delegation to beijing on thursday in the name of the " republic of china employment union . "
another serious sandstorms occurred in beijing
( beijing , new law ) chinese media said that serious sandstorms occurred in beijing yesterday .
although the government has invested a huge amount of money to improve the environment in beijing and prevent the desert from approaching beijing , the main difficulties facing beijing 's bid to host the 2008 olympic games are still the most difficult .
china 's state meteorological bureau forecast that the first sandstorms hit beijing last friday , and the cold air in mongolia is expected to be overshadowed by beijing in the sand dust .
yang weixi , chief engineer of the chinese ministry of forestry 's desert control center , told the beijing zhou bao : " i dare not say that there will be no sandstorms in 2008 . "
what we can do is to control the artificial factors of sand storms and prevent desertification . "
he said , however , these natural factors , such as wind , drought , and big desert , have caused china to avoid sand storms in the short term .
the chinese government has promised to invest 56.8 billion yuan ( about 12.3 billion new taiwan dollars ) in 2002 to prevent desertification and to reduce sand storms .
beijing alone spent about 1 billion yuan ( about 200 million new taiwan dollars ) this year .
an expert from the chinese academy of forestry said : " the increase in fiscal funding will greatly improve the situation , but it may take several decades to see the results of the management . "
after a survey conducted early this year , chinese environmental experts warned : about one - third of china 's territory is now a desert , which is mainly caused by human economic activities , such as the overlay .
the investigation report said that in the first six months of last year , 18 sandstorms occurred in beijing , and the sand comes from inner mongolia and 60 percent of inner mongolia 's land was the desert .
at the just - concluded npc session this month , the npc deputies from shanghai , beijing , and inner mongolia urged the government to " establish a green great wall ( composed of forests ) " to stop sand storms .
according to the " shanghai star " report , xu shiyuan , vice president of the china institute of geography , warned that if the government does not take emergency measures , the sandstorms may even hit shanghai .
many of china 's cadres who have been hit by false diplomas have been verified
a few days ago , the graduate employment guidance center of the guangdong provincial higher educational institution , which was hit by a false certificate in the pan - pearl river delta ( hong kong ) , was confirmed to have 15 officials in a certain city in the chaoshan region , and only seven of them were false certificates .
the hong kong newspaper reported that since may last year , the center has received more than 3,500 certificates of the certificate and more than 800 certificates of various kinds , and the rate of false certificates is as high as 23 percent .
the report said that these false certificates were mostly printed on adult education and self - examination certificates , two - thirds of which were forged on the street , and one - third were issued by regular educational institutions .
the person in charge of the center also disclosed that , since the establishment of the ministry of investigation and the system is being carried out at the same time , the majority of the institutions and enterprises , including some units that have a very high percentage of forged documents , and many of the owner of false certificates are working cadres .
with the approval of the relevant departments of the ministry of education , the employment guidance center for the graduates of guangdong province is the only institution in china that has been authorized to carry out a national certificate of higher education examination .
the responsible person also disclosed that the state - owned banks in a prefecture - level city , out of consideration of the selection of officials , have submitted a certificate of the 36 middle - level officials and the backbone of the business , and only six are true .
it has been learned that as the appraisal is carried out , many private enterprises are also required to make assessment , and the main items they have identified are those who should be hired and new students .
the identification department found that many of the university students ' certificates were fake goods .
last year , a large enterprise set up a branch in a certain area in the pearl river delta region , and recruited a number of university students .
the boss sent more than 30 certificates of academic credentials to the staff and found out that 10 of them were false .
in recent years , many foreign - funded institutions have set up separate teaching points in guangdong province , and they do not have the qualification to issue a certificate of academic credentials . however , in order to attract students to apply for admission , they have been able to issue a batch of false certificates to the students .
25 seeking asylum for korean people arrive in seoul
( seoul , aug. 25 ) twenty - five korean people seeking asylum arrived at seoul international airport yesterday to begin a new life in south korea .
after passing the test , they waved their hands to korean tv cameras .
at a temporary press conference held at the airport , the 43 - year - old factory worker li song - song said : " we hope to settle here and live in a free world of hope . "
another man said : " because south korea is a free country , i will not hesitate to die this . "
on thursday , these people intruding into the chinese embassy in beijing , firmly indicating they would take to the rok .
china on friday allowed them to travel to seoul via the philippines .
they came from six families , of which two girls did not have parents .
they are the group with the largest number of people who have fled since the end of the korean war .
according to the south korean national intelligence agency , the group will join the 2,000 north korean people settled in south korea , of which 138 will only seek refuge this year .
last year , 583 people went to the rok to break the record .
the new 25 people will be able to adapt themselves to a government reception near the capital of seoul .
the primary objective of the course is to help the movement to overcome the tense situation of escape , and to receive counselling , adapt to the korean culture , including the capitalist world 's understanding .
the final step is to receive new work training .
the new york times : iraqi intelligence agencies have been in close contact with al - qaeda for many years .
( agence france - presse , washington ) - the latest issue of the new york times reported that the iraqi intelligence agency has maintained close ties with the al - qaeda organization , which has been in charge of the september 11 incident for many years .
it has been learned that the two organizations jointly commanded a terrorist group in the northern part of iraq 's kurdish area .
the us central intelligence agency has always been skeptical about the contact between iraqi president hu and al - qaeda .
in the bush administration , the " hawkish " officials who supported the military action against iraq have been trying to find out the evidence of the contact between hu and al - qaeda .
the officials spoke highly of the report of the new york weekly the day before yesterday , saying that the report was the latest basis for their support .
the iraqi kurdish area , which is composed of kurdish muslim guerrillas and arabs , has been trained in the camps of the guerrillas , the reports said .
the author of the report said that he had interviewed a number of the prisoners of the " kurdish patriotic union " in the united states , the " kurdish muslim guerrillas , " which claimed that the muslim guerrillas were under the joint command of the kurdish islamic guerrillas in afghanistan , and that some of the iraqi kurdish rebels had been killed in the area .
these special agents also said that iraq hosted a banquet in baghdad in 1992 for a former egyptian leader .
us officials warned that the kurdish patriotic union may make a lot of reports to prove that the united states ' plan to overthrow the hu changqing regime is reasonable .
gulf states newspapers : cheney 's middle east trip failed
( agence france - presse , diego ) - us vice president cheney 's visit to the middle east failed on monday .
cheney 's trip was aimed at lobbying middle east countries to support the united states in its crackdown on iraq .
after visiting all the gulf countries , cheney went to kuwait on monday , but even the united states , the most faithful ally , opposed the attack on baghdad .
the arab newspaper , " the motherland , " said : " what this vice president heard is : the united states must stop israel 's terrorist activities and prevent israel from having large - scale weapons of mass destruction . "
the newspaper also pointed out : " if the united states continues to consider the interests of the middle east countries , it will lose its interests in the gulf region . "
the uae " gulf daily " also said : " this is a new failure of the united states in the middle east after a wall in europe .
most of the us european allies have openly opposed the attack on iraq . "
cheney denied his middle east trip in the bahrain capital , mcnamara , yesterday to organize military strikes against iraq .
he said at a joint press conference with bahrain crown prince abdullah that some people believed he was the only interested in organizing a military strike against iraq , but he denied it .
cheney said that he and the crown prince philippe mainly discussed the latest development of the anti - terrorism war , the middle east situation , and the situation in afghanistan .
cheney arrived in israel on monday evening . he is expected to meet with israeli prime minister sabri and discuss the latest developments in the israeli - palestinian situation .
on the other hand , the regional commander of the israeli and palestinian sides held an unexpected meeting yesterday in the west bank and the al - aqsa zone to stop violent activities in the region .
the talks may be the first step taken by israel in withdrawing troops from the palestinian control area .
the palestinian side said that if the israeli army does not withdraw from these areas , the palestinian side will not take part in the peace talks that have been suspended by the united states .
on - street crimes increase in britain
( london , united states ) the british government is committed to tackling the increasingly serious street crime and will send more police officers to patrol .
the secretary of home affairs brundtland said that it is very necessary to stop on - street robberies and violence , and to strengthen police patrol .
he said : " we should truly straighten out the order on the streets , because the law - abiding citizens hope to be safe on the streets , and they will not be afraid that they will be attacked . "
despite the drop in the overall crime rate in britain , the number of on - street crimes increased by 13 percent from 2000 to 2001 .
the situation in london was even more shocking , and the number of robbery cases reported in september and november 2001 was 9.48 million , an increase of more than doubled over the same period of the previous year .
the government also said that the increase in crime was mainly due to a large increase in the number of mobile phones , and more than 700,000 mobile phone robberies occurred last year .
this is the first time that the british police have placed the focus of their crackdown on street hooligans and robbers , and they have been concentrating on cracking down on illegal buying and selling of drugs on the streets .
the new plan will first be implemented in 10 streets - related crimes cases .
police will step up patrol in these streets and provide more protection to victims .
state - owned factory workers hold demonstration in liaoning
( beijing , law ) workers of 10 state - owned factories in liaoning province 's liaoning province held a collective demonstration yesterday to protest against the arrears of wages and pensions , the excessively low cost of disarmament , and the corrupt behavior .
at the same time , the demonstration of the dismissal of oil workers in the daqing city of heilongjiang province has been for three weeks .
the china human rights democracy movement information center in hong kong said that the liaoyang city public security bureau arrested a demonstration organizers and a 54 - year - old yao fuxin on sunday . at the same time , it also pursued more than 10 other workers who organized demonstrations .
according to yao 's relatives who were unwilling to reveal their names , " he did not come back , and some people saw him being taken away . "
in addition , in the upcoming daqing oil field in heilongjiang province , the police and the daqing oil administration told reporters that the sit - in demonstration of the oil workers has entered the third week , but the number of workers participating in the sit - in has decreased from 50,000 to 1,000 .
according to sources , workers in these two cities have set up independent trade unions and decided to hold talks through election representatives .
according to the law , such actions are not permitted .
han dongfang , head of the china industrial transportation organization , who is in hong kong , said that although the two demonstrations had just been completed at the end of the npc , the problem has long existed .
south korea also said that a demonstration had also taken place in a textile factory in guangyuan city , sichuan , on monday . several workers who were arrested for organizing a weekend strike were arrested , and a demonstration was held by 1,000 workers .
prosecutors delayed in investigation of new taiwan air crash report
( agence france - presse , taipei ) - - the taiwan air crash investigation report has been delayed for one and a half year , and the investigation report on the air crash of the taiwan flight committee has been delayed , which has led to a stagnation in the investigation of the taoyuan , and the prosecutors have asked the investigation report to be delivered in april .
at 11 : 18 on the evening of 31 october 2000 , the singapore airlines , which flew to los angeles , the chinese airport to the united states , crashed into a 05 - right runway and collided with two excavators on the runway , causing the death of 83 passengers and nearly 100 passengers .
the " china times " reported yesterday that the taoyuan prefectural procuratorate , which is responsible for investigating and affixing the criminal responsibility after the air accident , had a number of disputes over the flight units in the air accident investigation .
since the air crash took place , wang tiansheng , procurator - general of the taoyuan prefectural procuratorate , has been promoted to the post of the procurator - general of the taiwan affairs office . the case has been transferred from chen shouhuang to the post of procurator .
the flight safety council said that the investigation report could be completed by the end of last year , and that after the completion of the investigation report by the end of january , it has yet to be completed by february , and the aircraft will be delivered to the court in april .
due to the release of the 1 - 006 flights in los angeles , some family members of the victims have filed a large amount of civil compensation to the us court , and the target of seeking damages , including the singapore airlines , also the taiwan civil aviation bureau .
the family members of the victims ' families ' compensation is equivalent to the fact that taiwan 's taishan air traffic control center has the responsibility to make mistakes . therefore , the investigation conclusion of the taoyuan prefectural procuratorate has attracted special attention .
allawi wants bilateral talks to be held in new york if he observes us cease - fire agreement
( agence france - presse , jerusalem ) - israeli prime minister sabri said yesterday that if palestinian leader allawi implements the us cease - fire agreement , israel will allow alaska to leave the palestinian territory .
us vice president cheney also said yesterday that if alaska implemented the truce agreement put forward by the united states , he would be ready to hold talks with the other side on the middle east peace process in the near future .
the arab league secretary - general moussa said yesterday that the arab league will support a peace plan for the exchange of land in order to prevent the continued escalation of violent conflicts in the middle east .
in an interview with the italian newspaper " evening post , " moussa said : " i believe that there will be a clear - cut stand in the arab summit in beirut , that is , land exchange for peace .
israel must make a decision when the time comes . "
egyptian foreign minister al - sabah said on the day before yesterday that even if israel does not allow alaska to attend the arab league summit , the arab world will still propose a peace resolution on the settlement of the middle east violence .
un chief condemns israel 's military action
on the other hand , un secretary general annan wrote a letter to samoa the day before yesterday , condemning israel for its failure to take into account the safety of the civilian population in a step - by - step military action , and pointing out that the conflict " has evolved into a routine war without any restraint . "
annan said : israel dispatched fao - 16 fighter planes , helicopters , navy 's armed transport planes , and missiles to carry out intensive bombing , " causing injuries to hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians , including women and juveniles , as well as many buildings and houses damaged or destroyed . "
annan called on the security forces of israel to " adopt the most threatening weapons and combat methods that pose the least threat to the safety and property of palestinian civilians . "
global climate warming warns against complete disappearance of ice in antarctic
( auckland ) an expert of the us national ice and snow data center said yesterday that a ice in the antarctic has been completely disintegrated and split into several thousand ice mountains , which is the largest in the past 30 years , and the issue of global climate warming has been issued again .
it has been learned that the b - ice - b ice , with a total area of 3250 square kilometers , has been completely disintegrated after 35 days of time .
the center warned that with the coming of the hot summer , other ice cap was also on the brink of collapse .
this indicates that the glaciers in the south polar sea will increase , and the global sea level will rise , which will cause harm to the low - altitude areas .
the center at the university of science and technology , which is located on its website ( nidc . org ) , said that it may have a total of 10,000 people in 2000 and the ice of the 720 million tons of ice , and the ice has been split from january 31 this year , and the ice has been forming several thousand pieces of ice in the weihai sea .
the center also said that the reason why ice - splitting was caused by climate warming in the region .
more than half of the british people do not support the government in its crackdown on iraq
( london comprehensive ) according to the results of a poll released yesterday , more than half of british voters do not support the government in supporting the attack on iraq .
according to the results of the poll conducted by the " defense newspaper " and the poll results of the poll conducted by the polls , 51% of the voters oppose britain 's support for the us attack on iraq .
this is the same as the poll conducted last year and three years ago , and the majority of british voters supported the attack on iraq .
a similar poll published by the us cnn and the times magazine the day before yesterday showed that 70 percent of americans supported the government 's attack on iraq to overthrow the sono regime .
in ottawa , canadian prime minister jean chretien said the day before yesterday that if the us - led coalition forces attack iraq , canada will consider joining it .
chretien and other canadian ministers have always been uneasy about bush 's hardline stance toward iraq 's hu yan regime , and have always insisted that there is no evidence to show that hu and the iranians are linked to the organization .
however , after the talks between chretien and washington last thursday , it seems that it has changed its original position .
he told cbs television that he would seriously consider any us military aid requests outside afghanistan .
he said : " as far as the participation of the troops is concerned , if the situation in other places like ( afghanistan ) occurs , we will study the situation at that time , just as we participate in afghanistan 's operations . "
us to reduce patrol over domestic airspace
( washington , c . ) us defense department officials said on monday that the bush administration has decided to reduce the alert level of the air force 's fighters in the wake of the september 11 attacks , but it will continue to maintain relatively less frequent patrol and allow the aircraft to be on the runway .
the department of defense said that the uninterrupted cruise ships have already spent $ 500 million ( about $ 900 million ) in the air force , but the patrol over washington will continue , and the air patrol in the new york area will be suspended except for emergency situations .
after the september 11 incident , the airport and airlines have stepped up security measures , which have decided to reduce or stop air patrol .
a spokesman for the ministry of national defense told reporters : " we are studying a plan of combining different methods , including the patrol of fighter planes in the airspace over specific areas , the temporary decision - making , and the standby fighters at different levels . "
the runway are ready to take off and the planes can take off promptly at any time .
she also said that alert will be adjusted at any time according to the level of threat .
seven killed , 30 injured in bus blast
( agence france - presse , jerusalem ) - - - a dead - killed man , who died seven people and some 30 others , were injured in a bus near the town of the arab town of utah in northern israel yesterday .
at that time , most of the buses were israeli arabs .
the palestinian muslim jihad admitted the attack .
the palestinian authorities have condemned the violence .
this was the most serious attack in the middle east since us special envoy cheney arrived in the middle east on thursday to urge israel and palestine to reach a cease - fire agreement .
a spokesman for the bus company said : " dare to die team is a bomb exploded on the other side of the bus .
in the car , the car was full of passenger , and it was moving from tel aviv to the northern israeli city of nazis . "
the spokesman also said most of the passengers were israeli arabs who had to work .
the explosion occurred in the " green line " region near israel and the west bank .
the attack increased the number of casualties since the palestinian uprising in september 1999 to 1562 .
us senator says terrorists can spread the virus at the airport
( washington , d . c . ) at a hearing on biochemical weapons the day before yesterday , us senator frei , who warned terrorists who had been infected with the disease at the airport that the virus could spread in the whole country and may lead to the death of tens of thousands or even millions of people .
at the hearing , fletcher said that the terrorists , who were infected with the sky , entered a airport , and he could spread the virus to 10 innocent passengers , and the ten passengers may be spread to the whole country and may lead to tens of thousands or even millions of deaths .
he said : this may be the form of weapons of mass destruction .
it does not need to launch missiles , nor does it need to infuse it as eye - catching .
the victims of the disease and the defense personnel who prevent this kind of weapon attack may never know where these virus ( germs ) comes from .
experts tell the senate foreign relations committee : this is the reason why such a dangerous part of biochemical weapons is such .
biden , chairman of the senate foreign relations committee , said : the prevention of biochemical weapons is " an urgent problem we must pay attention to resolving . "
" the united states still needs to build a missile defense system in order to prevent enemy missiles from carrying any other warhead , " he said .
large - scale us , rok soldiers hold large - scale exercise
( seoul , france ) hundreds of thousands of us and south korean soldiers will launch the largest - scale simulated military exercise that has been conducted on thursday , which has drawn pyongyang 's criticism of a provocative act of war .
on the eve of a week - long military exercise , us military officers said that the exercise was purely defensive in nature , but it was only after the seoul authorities warned that the dprk issue should not be neglected .
this is the largest military exercise since the 1950 - 53 years of the korean war , and because it has not concluded the formal treaty on ending the conflict on the korean peninsula , it has become the last cold war front in the world , and nearly two - million troops have been on the border .
in the us - rok joint command in seoul , the military exercise from 21 to 27 march will be the first to test the results of the two different joint military exercises .
this means that hundreds of thousands of soldiers will participate , but the military has not revealed the details .
a spokesman for the coalition forces command said that the exercise would mobilize almost every us military unit on the korean peninsula , the korean army , and the foreign forces .
30,000 us troops are often stationed in south korea to prevent 100,000 troops from launching attacks in north korea .
south korea also has 650,000 soldiers .
the coalition command said that the exercise was based on the 2001 1 st and fao , which was a combination of the computerized military exercises and the annual " young eagle " exercise .
in the past few years , the first - ever program was to mobilize 500,000 korean troops and 30,000 us troops ( including 20,000 us troops ) .
the dprk has accused the united states of holding a joint military exercise to stir up war .
the official " labor news " even claimed that the us - rok military exercise was a " declaration war . "
chinese media praise strategic missile force
( beijing , france ) in the voice of the us " nuclear situation assessment , " china 's official media yesterday praised china as its own strategic missile unit .
the " jiefangjun bao , " renmin ribao , " and other official newspapers have all carried a front - page article entitled " forging the republic 's peace shield , " and highly praised china 's second artillery units , including strategic missiles and nuclear weapons .
the article describes the use of the " strategic missile training simulation system " by this unit as a simulated enemy country to launch nuclear attacks and " red army " or china 's counterattack .
the " red army " has rapidly formulated an operational plan for the deployment of new - type missile launch vehicles in the deep mountain area .
this article , which is full of technical terms , describes the application of new anti-interference and anti-reconnaissance technology by the second artillery force as a new expression of the great shenwei .
the article also said that a missile " took off from the great mountains to accurately hit the targets , " and successfully carried out counterattacks .
it is estimated that 100,000 noncommissioned officers from the second artillery corps will be the core of china 's efforts to improve the combat technology of the armed forces .
the article on the process of growth of china 's missile and nuclear forces since the late 1950 s was published again at a time when sino - us relations were tense .
china to prevent korean people from again " breaking the museum " and to strengthen security in the museum .
( hong kong news ) the chinese police recently conducted an internal review of the incident in which 25 people were intruding into the spanish embassy in spain last week .
it is estimated that in beijing alone , more than 150 people have been waiting for an opportunity to visit the rok , and the authorities have stepped up security at the ambassador 's embassy in the rok , japan , and other western countries ' main embassy in order to prevent the recurrence of the " bombing of the museum . "
the " sing tao daily " reported yesterday that the news from the public security department said that since 25 people from the dprk have suddenly intruded into the western embassy in the form of sudden attacks , the beijing police have further deployed the security of the sensitive national embassy in the dprk and the rok on the basis of the " 9.11 " attacks . at the same time , they have strengthened their contacts with the dprk and the rok embassy in beijing .
the source pointed out that the south korean embassy officials told the chinese officials that the south korean side did not support the north korean people in using this method to visit south korea , and the rok did not want to see the recurrence of such incidents , so as to avoid affecting the relations between china and the korean peninsula , and the south korean side also promised to the chinese side to help china manage well the south korean residents in beijing .
it has been disclosed that about 10,000 people of the korean nationality , including the korean nationality from northeastern china , and the korean people from the dprk and the rok , are mainly engaged in the business of the dprk and the dprk .
in the past , due to the lack of people of the korean nationality in beijing , there were no criminal cases involving many people in xinjiang and henan , and the authorities did not regard them as a key target for monitoring .
according to the report , after the 14 march incident , the public security department will first help the 25 - member german doctor " ask " to speak " to the public security department , and immediately send him to the airport to ask him to leave .
the public security and national security departments then conducted an internal review .
the review is mainly on two fronts , namely , the security of the ambassador 's museum , and the management of the korean people in beijing .
in addition , the authorities have also requested relevant departments in jilin and other regions to take effective measures to prevent the entry of the korean people into beijing .
the yellow sand on the korean peninsula is covered with dust in seoul
( pyongyang and seoul comprehensive news ) the just - concluded sand storms in the northern part of china attacked the korean peninsula yesterday , and most of the regions , including the dprk capital pyongyang and the rok capital of seoul , are covered by the yellow sand .
according to a xinhua news agency report , a strong sandstorm attacked pyongyang early yesterday .
beginning in the early morning , the whole pyongyang was overshadowed by a dust tornado .
this is north korea 's first sandstorms since spring this year .
six air routes suspended
according to another report by the beijing people 's network , the rok had a large area of " sandstorms " yesterday , except for the yan chuan international airport , six domestic flights were suspended .
" sandstorms " appeared throughout the rok .
according to the tests conducted by the south korean environmental protection department , the amount of small dust in the sky in the former seoul , which is 17 times that of the normal times , is the highest in history .
in addition to the normal operation of the six air routes , such as the daqing international airport , the daqing mountain , and the putai river , the republic of korea [ rok ] have suspended its flights and more than 30 passengers have been using other transport means .
according to a report by the associated press , due to the high concentration of sand in the air , the south korean government yesterday ordered the entire country 's kindergartens and primary schools to temporarily stop studying for one day to avoid being polluted by air .
so far this year , there have been three huang dust weather in seoul .
the south korean meteorological department forecast yesterday that " a large number of dust tornadoes in china , mongolia , and other desert areas have spread over the northern part of china and have passed through south korea . "
medium and small - sized cities should be able to polish the planets by the earth .
( florida - based united states , usa ) a small planet in a medium - sized city is sufficient to destroy the earth , but the astronomers have not been discovered earlier than four days after the incident .
the small planets , about 50 meters in diameter , come from the sun , so it is very difficult for astronomers to discover it .
the asteroids were shot over the earth on march 8 , but by march 12 , the planets were already far away .
williams , who is located at the small planets center of the cambridge international astronomical association in the state of the cambridge , had helped confirm this small planets .
from astronomy 's perspective , this little planet is very close to the earth , because the moon is 400,000 km away from the earth .
on wednesday , williams said to florida 's " today daily " : " the key lies in the fact that before the launch of a satellite from the sun , it should be investigated . "
the astronomers will be able to determine whether or not it will collide with the earth as soon as possible .
in 1908 , a big or small star crashed into the earth , hitting a 32 - km wide pit in siberia .
interior minister 's testimony to the death of a senior government advisor
( rome , france ) the italian interior minister , the day before yesterday , confirmed that the italian government 's high - level advisor to the italian government was shot down by an extreme left - wing guerrillas in the " equatorial country . "
scajola said that two men killed in the gunshot and even used a pistol similar to the political killing three years ago .
on the other hand , italian prime minister berlusconi has taken the initiative to invite trade union leaders to return to the negotiation table to discuss the employment reform plan put forward by him .
the 52 - year - old adviser to the labor department was also an economist and a law professor .
on tuesday night , he was hit by a gunman who was riding on a bicycle to the home of the northern city of the city of the country .
bassam had helped draft a job reform plan which was strongly opposed by trade unions and left - wing elements .
they consider that the package would make it easier for employers to discharge workers .
an eyewitness said that paraguay was lying in a pool of blood , one side of his own pocket .
the family name of the equatorial guinea was also found to have the five - star symbol of the equatorial guinea , but it is not clear at this time when it is in the limelight .
the equatorial guinea trip was established in 1973 , and in the 1970 s and 80 s , the former italian prime minister was suspected of doing a number of explosions and assassination , including the kidnapping and murder of former prime minister moro in 1978 .
chinese engineers sentenced to five years ' imprisonment for illegally obtaining state secrets and offering bribes to chinese - american chinese engineers
( beijing , united states ) beijing 's first intermediate people 's court yesterday ruled that the chinese - american engineer fang fuming was sentenced to five years ' imprisonment and that he had illegally obtained state secrets and a company 's bribes .
this case has caused protests from the united states .
a spokesman for the us embassy in china said that the man will be deported after his term of imprisonment .
the prison term will be adjusted based on his length of imprisonment .
the us embassy had sent a diplomat to listen to the hearing .
the representative of fang fuming 's lawyer said that his party has been imprisoned for two years , but china has not said so long .
the xinhua news agency confirmed the verdict .
it said that from 1995 to 1999 , fang fuming received 35 documents including state secrets , and took bribes of $ 24,000 ( now about $ 450,000 ) from chinese civil servants to assist foreign investors in bidding for china 's electric power projects .
fang fuming was the adviser to the power engineering project of foreign companies in china and other asian countries .
the lawyer of fang fuming said : fang fuming denied offering bribes and indicated that he is the victim of corruption - related chinese power officials .
in the past , fang fuming was a chinese power official and became a us citizen in 1994 .
in the past two years , a number of us citizens and residents have been charged with violating china 's national security law .
fang fuming was detained for a time for tense sino - us relations .
the us government has repeatedly protested china 's method of handling the fangming case , saying that the authorities have been detained by the authorities for a few months and have not tried to go against international norms .
fang fuming 's family said that he was accorded a bad treatment .
his wife and two children are american citizens .
cohen said that fang fuming was detained on 28 february 2000 , but the period of detention put forward by the chinese ministry of foreign affairs was 28 august 2000 .
the chinese navy ship task force 's visit to the united states is also unwilling to confirm whether hu jintao will visit the united states according to his original plan .
beijing , ( xinhua ) the sino - us relations , which were once warming up in the wake of us president bush 's visit to china , were rapidly cooling down , and china confirmed yesterday that this year 's plan for the naval vessel formation to visit the us port and refused to confirm whether state vice president hu jintao will visit the united states in accordance with the original plan .
in reply to a regular reporter 's question , foreign ministry spokeswoman zhang qiyue said : " according to what i know , the chinese navy fleet is preparing to visit the country according to the plan , and their plans are not included in the us port . "
when a reporter asked on two occasions whether or not hu jintao 's visit to the united states has been affected , she asked to clarify whether or not a reply can be understood earlier as scheduled for hu jintao 's visit to the united states , and zhang qiyue is unwilling to make more comments and is unwilling to confirm it .
zhang qiyue only repeatedly accused the us side of " making a series of things that violate the three sino - us joint communiques in a short period of one month after bush 's visit to china , " and urged the us side to " stop using the taiwan issue to interfere in china 's internal affairs . "
on the other hand , in washington , the united states has ignored the " cold wind " in china 's warning of sino - us relations . on wednesday , the united states has ignored the us decision to allow taiwan defense secretary to attend the " us - taiwan defense summit " in florida .
beijing has repeatedly criticized the united states for issuing a visa to taiwan defense minister tang yao - ming to attend the meeting sponsored by us arms dealers .
at that time , tang yao - ming also met with two senior us officials .
at a regular press conference , state department spokesman bao runshi was questioned by a reporter about china 's complaint against the incident , but he was very clear that he was doing his best to avoid engaging in a war with china .
he said : " after the talks , our position is known to all .
you want to ask me everyday , i am willing to explain everyday , china wants to ask this matter every day , and we are willing to explain it daily . "
he said : " the position has not changed . these are normal contacts between us and taiwanese , and we will continue to do so . "
zhang qiyue also confirmed the report of the russian media yesterday , saying that chinese president jiang zemin had a telephone conversation with russian president putin at the request of russian president putin on the evening of 20 april , and the two sides mainly exchanged views on the issue of mutually beneficial cooperation between china and russia .
both sides held that developing mutually beneficial cooperation between china and russia is in the interests of the two countries and the two peoples .
