european mars exploration ship small hunting dog no. 2 reported no sound after landing
( agence france - presse , london ) - a spokesman for the mars exploration program said that a us satellite could not be linked to the european small hunter ii ( bnx - 2 ) , which has already landed on mars . it is the hope of collecting signals from the small hunter dogs . now , it is the only way to hope that its parent .
balayt said : " we have not achieved any more results . "
he said : " now we have placed our hopes on its mother 's mars express car , waiting for it to collect intelligence . "
the us odyssey spaceship , which is still unable to receive any information from european mars exploration ship 2 on tuesday , is still continuing to search for life on mars after it is divorced from mars .
the mars odyssey spacecraft was launched by the us space agency to enter mars ' orbit and another exploration mission .
the european space agency , which is located in paris , said that the mars roman satellite made in europe has already been launched to mars , hoping that it will be able to transmit some signals next week .
the signal was originally scheduled to land on the birthday of the small greek dog ii , but it was difficult to predict .
on december 19 , the small hunt dog , after it was divorced from the mother 's express train , became the first european spacecraft to land another star .
in the 18 - day flight mission , the small hunting dogs plan no. 2 to test the rock , soil , signal transmission , or the current life of mars .
scientists have been bold in anticipating the british spacecraft , which may fall in the cake .
pakistani president musharraf wins senate - house trust vote
( agence france - presse , islamabad ) - pakistani president pervez musharraf , in a situation in which the islamic faction members abstentions today to win the trust of the senate and the house of representatives , decided that musharraf 's rule would continue until 2007 .
" musharraf won the majority of votes in the parliament , " news minister mohammad ali told afp .
no member has voted against him . "
in the 342 - seat house , 191 representative vote supported musharraf , the muslim faction members abstain , and the opposition party boycotted the controversial trust vote .
musharraf made concessions to the six islamic political parties , and he agreed to resign from the post of commander - in - chief of the army , and at the same time to seek approval from the supreme court within one month .
in the 100 - seat senate , 56 senate members voted to support musharraf , 42 muslim religious members and opposition legislators abstentions or boycott them .
musharraf won the political power in the october 1999 coup , and subsequently refused to step down .
former opposition forces to join military leadership group
( agence france - presse , phuket , the president of the republic of the united states , said that members of the joint chiefs of staff of the post - war armed forces will be formed before next week , including former anti - resistance forces leaders .
the former resistance force " democracy and defense forces " welcomed this move and praised it as " an important step " for advancing toward the establishment of a new armed forces .
the new military leadership will be in place by the end of the 10 - year civil war , and four of them will become the leader of the anti - armed forces before january 7 , the spokesman said .
" all parties that sign the ( november 2003 cease - fire ) agreement must be completed before january 5 . "
he added that the joint chiefs of staff , including the former anti - resistance army leaders , must be ready before january 7 .
this operation is mainly related to the largest " democratic defense force " among the six anti - resistance forces that signed the peace agreement .
the seventh anti - resistance army organization " national liberation army " refused to sign a peace agreement .
about 300,000 people have been killed since the civil war broke out in 1993 between the anti - rebel forces and the government army .
china detained 186 tons of us beef
( agence france - presse , beijing , 2 th ) - china 's state - owned media , the beijing youth daily , reported today that the authorities concerned had been holding 186 tons of us beef in beijing yesterday because the market was worried that the import of beef had been infected with the disease .
the beijing qingnian bao pointed out that according to the proposal of the ministry of agriculture , the beef will be destroyed after the inspection .
more than 30 countries in the world suspended the import of us beef last week , and china is also one of the countries in the world .
in addition to milk and other dairy products , leather and light fiber optic radiation , all the products related to cows are banned .
according to the beijing qingnian bao , the beijing agricultural bureau recently issued a series of measures to prevent and control the situation and to supervise the operation of the market .
there are no reports of mad cow disease in china .
it was the second time in the past week that the us authorities had detained 60 kilograms of beef in a us state of washington , zhejiang province .
although the department of commerce statistics showed that last year china imported 532 million us dollars of meat from the united states , the import volume of us beef was still unclear .
from january to july last year , china imports a total of us $ 316 million worth of meat .
north korea authorize us delegation to visit yongbyon nuclear facilities
( agence france - presse , washington , 2 d . c . ) - the pyongyang authorities have authorized a us delegation , including top nuclear scientists , to visit the north korean nuclear facility next week .
the bush administration has approved the us delegation 's visit to north korea from january 6 to 10 , a delegation member told the us newspaper .
this will be the first time that a foreign delegation has visited the controversial nuclear facility in north korea since the un security inspectors were expelled from north korea one year ago .
members of the us delegation include a chinese expert , two assistant to the senate foreign policy and a former state department official responsible for dealing with the pyongyang authorities .
nuclear experts of the delegation , romerkel , led the united states in 1985 to 1997 to salute the national laboratory of the united states , which was the first to develop atomic bombs .
prior to this , north korea recently informed the us embassy in beijing , and pyongyang was ready to attend the second round of six - party talks on the korean peninsula nuclear crisis .
us officials pointed out early this week that the pyongyang authorities had already indicated their readiness to participate in the six - party talks to be held at the beginning of the year .
at the end of the first round of six - party talks held in beijing in august last year , north korea did not come up with any conclusion , and then criticized the talks as " totally unfounded . "
the second round of six - party talks , originally scheduled to be held in december last year , but the talks were forced to postpone the talks to the beginning of this year because they had to adopt measures to resolve the problem .
the washington authorities have demanded that north korea unilaterally abandon its nuclear weapons program , while the pyongyang authorities have insisted that the united states provide a legal binding security guarantee , as a condition for the exchange of its nuclear weapons development program .
us government says it has nothing to do with us delegation to visit north korea
( agence france - presse , washington , 2 d . c . ) - the us government said today that it has nothing to do with two preparations to visit north korea , hoping to see the us delegation to the diplomatic storm between the two countries .
at the time when china makes efforts to promote the return of the united states , north korea , japan , russia , and south korea to the negotiation table , a delegation composed of us scholars and scientists , as well as a delegation of the us congress assistant , planned to visit north korea .
" we have nothing to do with this group or the group 's plan to visit north korea , " us state department deputy spokesman ereey said .
" i think you should know that these groups or individuals are not representing the government . "
one of the delegation is led by a senior chinese expert from the university of santa fe , a former nuclear scientist , and a former director of the morris laboratory , and a special envoy of the us state department to hold talks with north korea last year .
usa today reported that the delegation will visit the yongbyon nuclear power plant , but one member told afp that the trip to the yongbyon was still uncertain .
after extensive media reports , there may also be variables surrounding the visit , and whether the delegation will be allowed to enter north korea .
the other delegation is led by the assistant chairman of the senate foreign relations committee , mr lo ka - ka , and the assistant to biden , chief republican party member of the senate foreign relations committee .
us waiting for israel to clarify golan heights
( agence france - presse , washington , 2 d . c . ) - the us government said today that the united states demanded that the united states clarify israel 's intention to expand the golan heights , which is occupied by israel , has not yet given a satisfactory answer .
the state department said that after the report on this wednesday ( 31 may ) incident , israel had already given a reply to the united states at its request .
however , israel 's answer could not fully remove the question of the united states .
" we have been answered , but not a clear answer , we are still unclear about this situation . "
he reiterated washington 's opposition to any new israeli move .
" we have made it clear that we oppose new state - owned activities , and we do not think it is beneficial , and the activities of the state - owned enterprises should be stopped . "
the media reported that israel plans to open nine new settlements in the golan heights , occupied by syria in 1967 , and to increase the jewish population from 10,500 to about 15,000 .
this move was widely criticized by many arab countries for violating the law .
toyota motor won first prize in north america
( agence france - presse , basic law ) - the toyota motor , which was elected a car in north america at the international auto show on the basis of the special law , was elected by reporters .
the executive vice - president of toyota 's motor vehicle management , the chief executive officer of toyota , said : " the award is very affirmative of the driving force of this kind of hybrid motor vehicle . "
the original design of the 2004 psa , the source of fuel and electric power , was launched in october last year , and the initial sales price was 20,000 us dollars , better than expected .
last month , toyota motor announced an increase of 31% in its output of psa .
the spokesman said toyota hopes that the successful launch of the new uipo will stimulate the creation of a hatoysters who are also the source of petrol and electric power .
the new hatoysters will appear in the north american international car show in the next few days .
today 's exhibition is only available for media visits .
the fao - 150 light goods vehicle , which was redesigned by ford , won the title of the annual truck .
according to the president of the ford sales department , the ford - 150 is the world 's best selling vehicle , and the fao - 150 , which has been redesigned in 2004 , has set the highest sales figure in december last year , with a total of 84,600 .
li said that ford is preparing to make use of the fao - 150 initial sale success , and is trying to hit one million vehicles in a series of small trucks this year .
ethiopia ready to expel british writer who was suspected of insulting his president
( agence france - presse , buenos aires , 5 th ) - the ethiopian interior minister , the ethiopian interior minister , said that the reason for the departure of british writer clark in the 24 - hour special article on the weekly " insulza " published by clark in the private newspaper .
" clark will leave the country within 24 hours , " the spokesman told a group of demonstration by the interior ministry to expel clark 's supporters .
i have to declare to the whole country that we have taken action . "
however , in an interview with afp , clark said that he had not received any notification .
" i do n't know that the expulsion order has been assigned , " clark said .
mumbai , executive secretary of the interior ministry , pointed out earlier that he had suggested that the interior minister issue a passenger order .
meng said : " one country being insulted by a certain person is one of the ways to insult the people of the country , and he should go back to write an article on the people of his country . "
clark has lived in ethiopia for many years and married her husband .
the post editor , mumbai , said that he was willing to be responsible for the article published last thursday and urged the cypriot government to attack him instead of clark .
in the past , ethiopia has degenerated foreigners who were suspected of insulting the president or government heads .
koizumi says sustainable economic reform to be carried out this year
( agence france - presse , tokyo , 5 th ) - japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said at a press conference on the first working day of the new year after the new year holiday that he would continue to promote economic reform this year . he said : " although the economic situation is still difficult , we can finally see signs of recovery . "
koizumi stressed : " i will closely follow the reform policy and continue to promote reform .
the continued efforts to reform will promote economic recovery . "
koizumi said that he would particularly focus on the deliberations of the congress on the privatisation of postal services .
he said : " in the end , we will take action to privatise the postal service , which is the main axis of economic reform . "
koizumi added that he hoped to put forward the plan to congress early next year .
koizumi has promised to privatise the postal service of 280,000 people by 2007 .
japan 's postal service sector is regarded as the world 's largest bank by 355 trillion yen ( 335 billion us dollars ) in savings and insurance fund ( 335 billion us dollars ) .
however , this large - scale plan is still facing strong opposition from the conservative parliament members .
the plan started in 1993 when koizumi became the minister of post .
analysts pointed out that the japanese economy is expected to maintain a steady growth of about 2 percent this year , but the japanese public may still be worried about further reduction and lay - off .
while many companies continue to rectify their profits , japan 's unemployment rate is still higher than five percent .
us starts photos and fingerprints for foreign visitors
( agence france - presse , washington , 5 th ) - as singapore , the largest airport in asia , supports the deployment of additional air armed police to cope with the terrorist threat , the united states today began to take pictures of foreign visitors and leave their fingerprints .
at a time when washington authorities stepped up inspection of the timing of the arrival of foreign visitors , the world 's flight safety concerns have been raised , the above - mentioned worries have been temporarily cancelled over the past week as a result of a large - scale increase in the number of scheduled flights to and from the united states .
it is generally expected that the number of such visitors to the united states will reach 23 million by the end of this year .
the national security department , which is responsible for the implementation of the " us visitors and immigrants ' identity , " ( the technology of the azimuth - iii program ) , pointed out that most of the citizens of 28 countries in europe can be exempted from the above - mentioned procedures .
the immigration group criticized the plan for violating the citizens ' freedom and for taking a step forward in monitoring and controlling the society , and homeland security secretary ridge made great efforts to defend the plan .
in an interview with the state broadcasting corporation ( nbc ) , ratu said : " one of the top priorities of any government is to ensure the security of the border , and we are promoting this plan , that is , we will do our best to do this . i think that it will not be a bit of a bit , but in fact , no one will take about 15 seconds . "
by 2005 , the entry card of the land , sea , and air will be taken over and retained in fingerprints technology .
all us visas and passports will eventually be included in the " biological identification mark " such as photographs and fingerprints .
prior to the implementation of the above plan , the united states had raised the alert level of the entire united states against terrorist attacks in december last year .
talks between us and north korea likely to resume in mid - 2006
( agence france - presse , seoul , 6 th ) south korea said today that due to the tough attitude of north korea and the united states , the new round of six - nation nuclear talks may be held in mid - 2006 .
" i hope the talks will be held in the first half of this year , " south korean foreign minister yin yongkuan told reporters at a cabinet meeting .
the statement was made after washington refused to make the latest request for a major concession in exchange for a nuclear freeze , and said that the two sides still need to resolve the serious differences before the nuclear talks .
yin yongkuan said : the time arrangements for the six participating countries have actually ruled out the possibility of resuming the six - nation talks in january .
however , he did not provide any information on why the new round of talks could be extended to june or after that .
russian deputy foreign minister lieutenant general uyevdov dev returned this to the hard - line attitude of the united states and north korea .
he participated in the first round of six - nation talks to be held in beijing in august last year .
after holding talks with chinese high - ranking officials yesterday , the interfax news said : " the reason is that they have no trust with the past , as well as the demands of the two sides . "
after north korea again asked the united states to make concessions before the new round of six - nation talks , yin yongkuan put forward the possibility of a long - term extension of the talks .
washington accused pyongyang of setting conditions for the new round of six - nation talks .
the united states is seeking north korea 's promise to scrap its nuclear weapons program .
north korea said it would freeze its nuclear facilities if washington lifted its economic sanctions against pyongyang and resumed its energy aid .
in the past , north korea also insisted on signing a treaty of mutual non - aggression with the united states .
south asian summit concludes , india , pakistan thieves to thaw
( agence france - presse , islamabad , 6 th ) - south asian summit ended today , during which two hostile nuclear powers in india and pakistan completed their breakthrough talks and signed a free trade agreement , which is of epoch - making significance to the south asian region .
speaking at the closing ceremony of the 12 th south asian regional cooperation association , the prime minister of bangladesh , ms christine loh , said : " the summit is an important water - sharing point for strengthening regional cooperation in south asia . "
indian prime minister atal behari vajpayee and pakistani president musharraf held their first meeting since the outbreak of a nuclear war in 2002 at the summit meeting hall yesterday .
the hostility between the two major powers of the south asian regional cooperation association has hindered regional development , and the leaders of various countries are encouraged by the obvious driving force for the historic talks .
" i think that the positions of india and pakistan have been clearly changed , and the two countries are advancing toward the peace process , " pakistan 's military analysts told afp .
pakistani prime minister jayakumar officially announced the conclusion of the summit and praised the anti - terrorism and the easing of poverty and the establishment of an important regional free trade zone in 2006 .
he also described the summit as " inject new vitality into regional cooperation . "
the heads of state and foreign ministers of bangladesh , bhutan , india , maldivian , nepal , pakistan , and sri lanka signed the south asian free trade zone ( the program of the asian free trade zone ) , the social charter , the anti - poverty program , the anti - terrorism agreement , and the " islamic malaysia declaration . "
bush praised napster for his role in mars
( agence france - presse , washington , 6 th ) - us president bush today sent a telephone message to the national aviation and space agency ( nba ) officials on mars ' missions , and praised their work to make up for the injuries caused by the colombian spacecraft .
white house spokesman mcclellan told the media : " the president thanked the napster for its hard work and wisdom , and once again affirmed the great spirit of americans ' adventure . "
bush said that the smart robot , when it was transmitted back to the place of its landing from this red star , he shared this amazing picture .
" when we saw this drama , the president was as excited as all american people , " mcclellan said .
although we know this is only the smart identity card on mars . "
mcclellan said : " president bush strongly supports space exploration , and at the same time thanked him for the efforts made by all the napster programs , and only by the united states can the united states maintain its leading position in space . "
a second generation of japanese arts jemaker passed away in new york at the passing of 90
( agence france - presse , tokyo , 7 th ) - japanese publishers announced that they would give up their career as a hooker to the united states , and that they died at the age of 90 on the 5 th in new york .
the caoshi news agency published 10 works on the happy spring of the middle - village , including the " jiang clan " in the middle village of 1983 .
the book , " the master of jiangyu " , has been translated into eight languages , and has been translated into a tv drama and a dance drama in the country . the book describes the good spring as the only japanese art that can be said to be the only one in english before world war ii .
former french artist antonio vitorin , and many foreign celebrities , such as the us baseball star , and the us baseball star , were both warmly entertained by the chinese village during their visit to tokyo .
the caoshi news agency said that the chinese village has fueled a lot of poetry writing " artists . "
a statement issued by the caoshi news agency said that a doctor 's family in the tokyo yinhe district , who was born at the age of 16 , has become a hooker of the new bridge entertainment zone .
after being a hooker for many years in the new bridge , the village had been married to a diplomat in 1940 , and was not long after that .
after the war , the chinese village resumed a hooker 's career in the new bridge , and moved to the united states in 1956 .
in addition to professor japanese traditional music , nakamura has also served as a singing advisor to the butterfly .
there is a son of the middle school , and he is currently a modern art professor at the university .
vietnam airlines opens new airport in frankfurt
( agence france - presse , hanoi , 8 th ) - vietnam airlines opened two flights in frankfurt , germany , and this is the second flight destination in europe after paris , and is also a part of the vietnam airlines ' rapid expansion strategy .
boeing 767 passenger planes will be used by vietnam airlines , taking off from ho chi minh city on tuesday and thursday , and passing through hanoi and moscow to frankfurt .
a spokesman for the vietnam airlines said : " we have opened this route to serve a large number of vietnamese nationals residing in germany . "
at present , vietnam airlines has more than 20 international flights and has opened many new routes last year and plans to further expand .
vietnam airlines announced earlier this week that it plans to expand its flights to 70 by 2010 .
despite the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome in 2003 ( the program of the iraqi war ) and the iraq war , vietnam airlines have increased their capacity by 1 percent to 450,000 people .
vietnam airlines has set a passenger target of 5 million this year , of which about half are foreigners ( 2.4 million people ) .
aids children admitted to school for justice after being refused by priests
( agence france - presse , nairobi , 7 th ) - - the us priests at the krasnoyarsk capital of krasnoyarsk , who is in the center of krasnoyarsk , and the request to make a request for the children to the asian government to remove the hiv virus ( the hatch ) in the schools .
although the hiv is estimated to be infected by hiv by 2.5 million people in the country , aids and aids are still a topic in the asian country .
the school authorities have violated the government 's policy of comprehensively voluntary primary education in the new york - based orthodox , and many of the hatchlings , claiming that many child residents have been thrown into primary schools , and that they are unable to enter primary schools .
" the refusal of children to enter public schools , especially children who have been infected with hiv , is an inhumane , illegal , and serious violation of human rights , and the education is the basic right and the right to reject these children 's rights . "
the court order was issued to the court to force a public school to accept the child admission order and not to ask whether they would take them to the hatch .
through the lawyer , krasnoyarsk said that he did not know that there was such a difference , but he could understand the school 's practice .
jia said the ministry of education is willing to discuss the matter with the family of newcomers in the northern suburbs of nigeria .
a two - way consultation was held today and the results will be returned tomorrow .
us to release hundreds of iraqi prisoners
( afp , baghdad ) the us government appointed iraqi interim chief executive , bremer , in his policy address today , announced that the us - led occupation alliance would release 100 iraqi prisoners on the 8 th , and several hundred people would resume their freedom in the next few weeks .
the new reward scheme by the chairman of the iraqi interim governing council , bremer , who was accompanied by the iraqi interim governing council chairman , also revealed that the authorities would assist the authorities in the arrest of each other 's priority and the maximum penalty of $ 200,000 in cash .
vajpayee praised the measures taken by the occupation alliance and said that this was a result of strong lobbying efforts by the ruling coalition .
" the governing council has been working hard for a long time to spread the spirit of reconciliation between the iraqi people and to achieve this goal , " barshefsky told reporters .
a spokesman for the alliance , who declined to be named , said that a total of 506 prisoners were expected to be released in the next few weeks .
" the union will release its first batch of 100 prisoners tomorrow , " bremer told reporters in a brief speech .
the timing of the reconciliation posture is the right time for the occupation of the coalition to appease the sunni muslim society under saddam hussein .
saddam was captured by the us military after eight months of escape .
" the majority of its toothpaste in java has been arrested and the time for reconciliation is already ripe , " said bremer .
the conditions are that the prisoners must abandon violence and forsake violence , such as the community , religious and religious leaders , and the witnesses are required to undertake the responsibility of the rehabilitated offenders .
bremer pointed out that the upcoming release did not directly involve violent incidents or other fatal attacks against the us military , nor did it involve torture or humanitarian offences .
bremer said that those who are about to be released " have committed a mistake and have come to realize " and " we are ready to give some of them new opportunities . "
who experts go to guangzhou to carry out investigation of the project
( agence france - presse , guangzhou , 10 th ) - the world health organization ( who ) today launched its second investigation on the second case of severe acute respiratory syndrome ( sars ) in the southern part of china .
the world health organization had already taken an investigation into the first case of a confirmed case in the mainland over the past six months .
an expert group of the world health organization and the chinese health authorities suddenly inspected a seafood and cancerous restaurant in guangzhou in an attempt to find out the sources of a case and another suspected case .
the who spokesman said in guangzhou : " the trip is to review the information we collected last time , and we will try to combine the one - sidedness information . "
at the same time , the chinese government has called on the public to fight the rodent infestation and other harmful animals that may be brought into the exhibition .
the health officials , with the above - mentioned seafood restaurant as the target of the inspection , are a 24 - hour business restaurant in the old city center of guangzhou , where a 20 - year - old woman service student was formally diagnosed as a suspected case in the evening of wednesday .
who experts blatter said : " we have carefully examined the possible environmental problems in the restaurant and will further investigate . "
he said : " we had talks with the staff of the restaurant and learned about the operation of the restaurant , and then visited the room for the food , and the experts in the environment will continue to do so . "
albright said that due to the fact that experts still need to make a final judgment , it is still too early to determine the source of the disease .
u . s . openly supports japan 's construction of international thermal imaging system
( agence france - presse , tokyo , 10 th ) - for the first time , the united states openly supported the decision to build several billion us dollars of the " international thermal imaging system , " not in the french town of karachi , and claimed that japan can provide a good place for the construction of the site .
the international thermal imaging system is scheduled to be built in six villages in the northern part of the country , including the michas .
the plan is aimed at providing experimental sites for simulated nuclear fusion of the sun , and the combination of nuclear weapons has been praised as the most clean , safe , and unexhausted source of future energy .
however , it is generally expected that the electricity will not be produced before 2010 .
" i am very honored to see that the united states strongly supports japan 's construction of a reactor of the international hot nuclear laboratory , " said the us energy secretary george w. bush during his visit to tokyo .
as far as the technical viewpoint is concerned , you can provide a superior place . "
" the six villages are very suitable for the huge materials required for the response of the international hot nuclear laboratory , and your outstanding technical and engineering skills have been widely accepted by the world , and the local community has clearly welcomed the project and made every effort to win the election in six villages . "
the spokesman of the us embassy in tokyo confirmed that this was the first time washington authorities openly expressed support for japan 's efforts to build a nuclear reactors in japan .
an official from the japanese ministry of education , culture , science and technology said , " we are deeply encouraged by the speeches made by the asian people .
we will continue to work together with other countries to enable the international hot nuclear reactors to be built in six villages . "
philippine president refuses to talk with arroyo on new guerrilla warfare
( agence france - presse , manila , 10 th ) - the philippine military said that the joint forces had launched a new wave of rebel attacks , including the attack on a power station and the burning of a telecommunications iron tower , killing eight people .
in addition to the statement issued by a spokesman for the new philippine people 's army ( nll ) , the new people 's army claimed that it would no longer seek peace talks with philippine president arroyo .
a spokesman for the new people 's army said in a television interview : " we no longer have hope for the peace talks with the arroyo administration , and even though arroyo claimed that they have been ready to discuss the matter . "
the philippine government originally planned to hold preliminary discussions with the philippine side on the resumption of formal peace talks later this month .
the philippine president said that the philippines would ask arroyo to make their proposals on the resumption of peace talks after the election in may .
the philippines is also preparing to dismiss from the list of terrorist groups in the united states and europe as a precondition for resuming peace talks .
a total of 50 philippine guerrillas attacked the government forces in karachi city and the frontier defense power station , and three army soldiers were killed by the guerrillas of the army and four new philippine people 's army , and seven other government troops were injured .
unemployed people killed six civilians in protest
( agence france - presse , baghdad , 10 th ) - six iraqi civilians were shot by police and british troops in a protest in southern iraq today .
at the same time , after the pentagon claimed that saddam is regarded as a war criminal , he may be tried within six months .
in an hour this morning , baghdad heard three big explosions , but the us military claimed that it had not yet been informed of the news .
baghdad has recently been attacked by a series of car bombs , and a recent bombing of a large number of customers in a restaurant on december 31 last year , causing eight deaths and 24 injuries .
at the same time , the us military also launched a large - scale offensive , known as the " iron curtain action " , and launched a gunshot on the guerrillas in the suburbs of baghdad , and from time to time , the capital can hear the sound of gunfire .
in another development , the us - led coalition forces said today that a us " black hawk " helicopter crashed in the area of the french capital of the country last week , which may be attacked by anti - us guerrillas .
nine people were killed in this incident .
according to the coalition forces , two iraqi police were killed in the tense situation in the city of kutsk .
at the same time , hundreds of unemployed people were mobilized to protest against the police and the british army in the southern city of agana , causing at least six deaths and eight injuries .
chinese delegation to purchase us $ 2 billion worth of high - tech equipment
( agence france - presse , beijing , 12 th ) - according to official media reports , a chinese delegation to the united states will sign several contracts to purchase more than $ 2 - billion worth of high - tech equipment from us manufacturers .
the beijing morning news quoted an official from the ministry of information industry as saying that the deal will be signed in the united states tomorrow , including motorola 's semiconductor manufacturing company , intel corp . and the think - tank system company .
chinese manufacturers participating in the contract are some major telecommunications and computer manufacturers , including the china telecom corporation and lenovo group .
this is the third chinese procurement delegation to be purchased in the united states since november last year .
china is taking action to reduce the ever - increasing trade surplus with the united states , and the above - mentioned action is a part of this effort .
a us department of commerce official said that the move would help the us side reduce its trade deficit with china .
according to us figures , the us trade deficit with china reached $10.3 billion in 1999 , which is expected to increase to $ 130 billion in 2003 .
syria refutes israel 's invitation to syrian president
( agence france - presse , damascus , 12 th ) - syrian president mohammed al - zarqawi today invited syrian president bashar to visit jerusalem to hold talks on the peace agreement . syrian officials refuted this invitation and accused israeli leaders of trying to avoid the middle east peace process based on land for peace .
" i have invited president aceq to come to jerusalem to seriously negotiate with israeli leaders on the conditions of the peace agreement , " said the israeli public radio earlier today .
" aceq will be welcomed , but should not set a prerequisite . "
in an interview with cnn , the syrian minister of overseas chinese affairs , xia zanoun , said that israel must show that it is willing to resume negotiations in four years ago .
xia yan pointed out that the move was not a " serious response " to president aceq , who called for the resumption of contacts with israel last month . he also accused the president of trying to attract the media to expose the opportunity .
the syrian official news agency , quoting an anonymous high - ranking official , accused israeli president of evading the middle east peace process based on land - for - peace .
the official said : " this is not a visit or an active issue , but israel 's recent remarks are aimed at evading the peace process . "
the official also said : " some solutions and measures to solve the problem cannot bring peace to the middle east . "
the then israeli prime minister , barker , agreed to withdraw from the golan heights in the past when he had talks with the aceq , and only kept a narrow corridor near the eastern coast of gum .
however , the damascus authorities refused to accept the proposal and hoped that israel would return to all the golan heights , which was merged in 1981 .
cracking down on the cracks of the largest rebel group in lai rutia
( agence france - presse , jakarta , 12 th ) - after being detained by the leader of the " lai ruins reconciliation and democratic alliance ( the abd - d ) " , the control of the major rebel group has become more and more intense , and a rebel leader insisted that there is still a great power in hong kong .
the al - jazeera , which was based on the four - year civil war of the former president taierle , was put under control of about five - fifths of the country .
in mid - august last year , the thai government - in - exile agreed to pave the way for the realization of a peace and common rule in the west african country , and the former government , rebels , and the opposition parties formed a transitional government according to this .
however , a group , which claimed to be the " high - level military command " , said that the al - jazeera was sold in the transitional government post , and that it was announced a few days ago that they had already been the leader of the cornell university .
however , the current transitional parliament speaker , the d - d - d founder , insisted that only the national executive committee , which is based on the al - aqsa , has the right to remove the leader of the organization .
he told the media on the evening of the day before yesterday : " i founded the al - jazeera in nigeria , and i can guarantee to the people of the nagorno , and no one can undermine the process . "
the pair of high - level leaders in the transitional government , who are in the transitional government , have been accused of operating in a position in the interim government .
in october last year , blatter , a businessman , was appointed as the leader of the war - torn country , to the 2005 general election .
with the support of the justice , transport and labour minister blatter , de la calle with the aide , promised that she would step down from her post , and that she was the leader of the al - qaeda .
he warned that if the peace agreement continues to be violated , the warring factions would return to the drafting of the al - jazeera , to discuss whether or not to change blatter .
former us bodyguard said he wanted to take bribes from companies
( agence france - presse , new york , 12 th ) - the former us bodyguards , the us , said that the us job - boxing company employees had to provide 5,000 us dollars of bribes in the competition .
the brookings company , which runs the business , is being investigated by the us federal bureau of investigation .
the 34 - year - old roman said that in december 1995 , the participants of the " vegetable beans " and the " vegetable beans " , had come to his home a few weeks ago .
" not long after the afternoon , i had a rest at home , some people , and i saw two white staff members of the company , and they wanted to talk about what i had to do with the vegetable beans . "
" they said : we have brought some money to you , and they do not want to get water in the competition , and they hope that i do n't defeat the beans . "
the incident told the investigators in 1995 that the case was part of a 20 - month investigation of the us boxing de case .
robertson refused to take bribes and the second round of the game in the mcgrady garden square , but failed to eat the game .
in the new york daily news , he asked if he believes in robertson 's speech , and said : " it is not appropriate to meet the needs of the robertson company , and i do n't think that he will be able to win six losses . "
the federal bureau of investigation conducted a temporary check at the headquarters of the las vegas company on the 6 th to confiscate financial and medical documents and computers .
the federal bureau of investigation is also collecting evidence on the winning of the game , including a champion between the morgan stanley and the hockey group in september .
united states hopes asian countries free themselves from fear of mad cow disease
( agence france - presse , manila , 14 th ) - us agriculture officials said that asian countries would be free to eat us beef despite the outbreak of a mad cow disease in the united states last month .
after the first case of mad cow disease was found in the united states , the united states immediately stepped up security inspection , despite this , japan , south korea , and some other asian countries had immediately banned or imposed restrictions on the import of us beef .
in the past 10 years , the relevant units have stepped up quarantine to prevent the spread of mad cow disease , a us official said yesterday .
the mad cow disease also claimed that the mad cow disease has changed ( berth ) , which is related to the brain and brain , which has led to the emergence of the " soul " of the human race .
" we are very optimistic that these asian countries will further reduce the scope of the existing ban in the next month , " said greenlin , director of the us department of agriculture 's asia affairs department in manila .
" we have ensured the safety of us beef to all asian countries . "
he said the japanese delegation was visiting the united states to learn more about the measures taken by the united states to prevent the mad cow disease .
south korea to step up quarantine measures against bird flu
( agence france - presse , seoul , 14 th ) - south korea has stepped up quarantine work to curb the spread of avian influenza after nine days of peace and stability .
the south korean ministry of agriculture said that a chicken farm in the northeastern part of the kcna area was set up to strengthen the inspection of the epidemic area .
an official from the ministry of health detected the bird flu virus in the region on monday .
this is the first time in nine days that south korea has confirmed the bird flu virus .
last month , after the outbreak of bird flu in 15 parts of south korea forced the authorities to kill nearly 2 million chickens , this highly infectious disease has obviously been controlled .
the director of the south korean ministry of health 's animal health group , kim changsuk ( translator ) , said : " we have killed all chickens in the epidemic areas and strictly controlled the mobile poultry . "
the emergence of new cases of avian influenza has prompted officials of the south korean government to step up quarantine in other areas .
suzuki said that this bird flu virus can survive for at least 35 days in the droppings of poultry in the dust for two weeks .
bush to manage free trade zone plan in bat
( agence france - presse , montevideo , 13 th ) - us president george w. bush has vigorously pushed forward the plan for the establishment of a free trade zone in the americas next year , and won the support of the leaders of other 33 countries at the summit in the americas .
however , the united states has failed to include the anti - corruption clause in the final communique on how the western hemisphere could confront the increasingly serious problem of poverty .
the scope of the pan - american free trade zone , from alaska to argentina , is known as the largest free trade zone in the world , with a total market population of about 800 million , and the total production volume reaching $ 13 - trillion .
however , at the end of the two - day summit , argentine president kirika gave a speech criticizing the united states ' plan , saying that the issue of the americas could not be resolved through the establishment of a free trade zone .
brazil , the largest economic country in south america and the united states ' main oil supply countries , are opposed to the inclusion of the issue of the us free trade zone in the agenda of the summit , but after a fierce discussion , the leaders of all countries announced that they would agree to complete negotiations on the establishment of a free trade zone in the united states by january 2005 .
iran 's political struggle to become more and more intense the threat to the government
( agence france - presse , tehran , 13 th ) - iran 's reformist faction , in order to lose the right to stand for the election and the huge conservative party 's power and power in the parliament , has again raised the number of heads of the cabinet , threatening to make a bid for the election , unless the conservatives make concessions on the issue of banning the election of the candidates .
the bill , one of the vice president 's entourage , warned that the constitution supervision and control committee has canceled the attempt of thousands of candidates to run for the election on 20 february , and if it is impossible to curb the election , the entire government may have a general term .
" if the government considers it impossible to do its best to protect the rights of citizens and to hold free elections , it will not become a choice , " the taliban said .
the provincial governor of iran 's 27 provinces has also made a collective request to resign , and the source close to president khatami revealed that at least 10 ministers have already tendered their resignation .
however , reports in the media that president khatami was preparing to resign from office were denied by khatami 's assistant .
the members of the national assembly , who are filled with indignation , have continued to stage a third - day sit - in in in the parliament building , and claimed that even if they are to sit - in for a few weeks .
the reformists were deprived of their qualifications and were unable to run for reelection .
iran 's news agency ( nf ) said that parliament members had already raised challenges to the constitutional supervision committee to promote the recovery of the election qualification .
the constitution supervisory committee , composed of 12 people , is a political supervision organ elected by the people , and is also a fortress against the reform of the religious right - wing forces .
" i am the hard - line iranian nobel peace prize winner in the air show that she will visit the congress to express her support for the sit - in staged by the reformists .
new zealand 's dollar will not affect business confidence in new zealand
( afp , wellington , april 15 ) according to the latest survey report released by the new zealand economic research center , the business community is still deeply confident about new zealand , despite the negative impact of the new zealand currency .
the report points out that in the next half of the year , the pessimistic enterprises accounted for only 2 percent , while the figure for the first two quarters was 3 percent and 20 percent respectively .
the research center pointed out that according to the various indicators of the survey , there was a solid economic growth in the fourth quarter of last year , with business activities increasing by 31% .
however , according to the outlook , it is expected that new zealand 's economic growth will continue to decline in the next few quarters . "
the rapid appreciation of the new zealand currency in the past three months has led to the widening of confidence between importers and non - exporters , an economist at the new zealand economic research center said .
11 per cent of the manufacturing sector and the construction industry are expected to be in the next half of the year , while 14 per cent of the non - exporters are optimistic about the prospects of enterprises in the next half of the year .
the new zealand dollar has risen by 30 percent in the past two years .
public worries about ke - ke financial director and north american leaders ' resignation
( agence france - presse , zurich ) - - the world 's largest provisional employment , the financial director of the company , and the head of the us business of the company , and the issue of the company 's accounting account , the outside world is worried that another enterprise scandal will be staged .
the company was originally scheduled to announce the company 's annual financial statements on february 4 , but due to the discovery of the " major weak points in the internal management of the company 's business in north america . "
huber 's post will be temporarily taken over by the accounting director .
the chief executive of the arke human company also resigned from his post , and will be taken over by the chairman of the board of directors of the arke france company , and the company is also the largest single national company in the group .
in addition , after the term of office of former chief executive , bremer became the chairman of the board of directors with a relatively consultancy nature , and now he will take over this company , which is in a difficult position , so that the current chief executive can " manage daily business . "
dealers said that the company 's high - level personnel changes have once again brought pressure on the company 's stock market .
at 9.40 , the stock market dropped by 3.6% to the start of the session , and the swiss stock market rose slightly by 20.3 percent .
after the announcement of his annual financial statements on monday , the stock market will be affected by the trend .
japan sets target for balance of budget within 10 years
( agence france - presse , tokyo , 16 th ) - japanese finance minister sadakazu tanigaki said today that he believes that the second largest economy in the world will be able to get rid of a " financial crisis " and to rectify the financial situation in 10 years .
sadakazu tanigaki said : the total deficit between the central and local governments is as high as 5 percent of japan 's total domestic output value , and if the average annual decrease is 0.5 percent , it will be able to shake off within 10 years .
" japan 's financial situation is still in a crisis , " he told a group of reporters .
for ( financial ) flows and reserves , our situation is the worst among the major industrial countries . "
japan formally set the target of turning the " primitive deficits " into the " primitive surpluses " in the past 20 years and more , the first time that japan has been able to achieve a balance in the year ending march 2004 .
this is the first time that the government led by prime minister junichiro koizumi has given japan a clear target of the " primitive surpluses , " and under such circumstances , the tax revenue has exceeded the expenditure of the amount of debts .
japan 's last surplus was the first year before the deadline of march 1992 , and the surplus of the previous six - year surplus ended .
tokyo stock exchange approves applications for listing of new bank
( agence france - presse , tokyo , 16 th ) - the tokyo stock exchange said today that it has approved the application of the new bank to be listed on the tokyo stock exchange , and that the new bank will start trading on 19 february .
the first public offering of 242 million shares will be offered to domestic investors and a total of 198 million shares will be distributed to overseas investors .
the first public offering price will be determined on february 9 .
the new bank is also prepared to sell the stocks over 360 million shares to deal with the possibility that some of the subscription can not be completed .
the predecessor of the new bank , the long - term credit bank of japan , has already provided retail financial services to the new - term credit banks after the bankruptcy of the bank of japan in 1998 .
the new bank forecasts that the net profit will reach 65 billion yen ( 613 million us dollars ) by the end of march 2004 , up 22.6 percent from the previous year , with the current interest of 6.65 billion yen , up 76.5 percent , and the total revenue will fall by 17.5 billion yen .
the new bank also said that the total bad debt at the end of last month was 132.3 billion yen , down from 154.2 billion yen three months ago .
a total of 41,000 people died in earthquake in iranian city
( agence france - presse , tehran , 16 th ) - iranian supreme religious leader hamad al - zarqawi said today that the number of deaths in the great earthquake in the city of the bahamas on december 26 last year has reached 41,000 , and the final death toll may reach 45,000 .
the original death toll was about 30,000 to 35,000 .
the director of the kazakh office of hammadi told the iranian national news agency ( ndi - iii ) : " at present , the number of people killed in the earthquake in the bahamas has reached 41,000 , and the final death toll may reach 45,000 . "
the iranian news agency quoted his remark : " this is a tragic disaster . "
he also promised that the government would speed up the redevelopment process .
about 30,000 people were injured in the quake .
a high - level official of the province said today that the government has already invited the iranians and foreign companies to tender for reconstruction .
demonstrations by more than 10,000 anti - nuclear figures in paris
( agence france - presse , paris , 17 th ) - more than 15,000 anti - nuclear personalities held a demonstration in paris to oppose the new generation of reactor , accusing the police of allowing another anti - campus mass meeting to cause trouble .
the main objective of these anti - nuclear demonstrations is that the european union , the first reactor , will be built in finland , which will be built by a group of consortia , including the french state - owned and german engineering giant siemens , and the cost of 3 billion euros ( 3.7 billion us dollars ) .
france , one of the world 's largest nuclear - powered countries , is expected to approve the reactor in the near future to replace 80 percent of the 58 nuclear power plants in the country , which are close to the end of service .
" in fact , the recovery of nuclear energy in reality has appeared before us . "
los angeles criticized the police for allowing another assembly , saying : " we believe the interior ministry is looking for trouble . "
the french ministry of home affairs is in charge of police in all cities .
the meeting , which was held in the same place in paris , has attracted thousands of people to participate in a protest against the government 's plan to ban the use of islamic scarves and other " obvious " religious symbols .
according to the organizers , the number of anti - nuclear demonstrators has exceeded 15,000 , and it is estimated that the police will not be able to 6,000 people , and they will be used the iron can to be a gold tag to criticize the " radiation waste scandal that they said to the future generations . "
baghdad suicide bombing killed 23 people and injured 95
( afp , baghdad , 18 th ) according to the us military and iraqi hospitals , the number of people killed in a suicide car bomb attack at the us military headquarters in baghdad this morning has increased to 23 , and the number of wounded has also increased to 95 .
" we have received three deaths and 30 injuries , " said a doctor at the karachi hospital .
the latest death toll increase has led to another three deaths .
a us military spokesman said earlier that 18 people were killed and 28 others injured in the us military hospital , 16 of which were iraqi civilians and two were american staff of the us defense department .
in addition , an emergency doctor pointed out that two people were killed in the yadh hospital in baghdad .
no other local hospitals have reported any case of death , but the yadachi , jindi , and nervous surgical hospital have reported 37 people being injured .
the spokesman of the us military confirmed that the treatment of the us military hospital was one of 22 iraqi people , four us carriers , and two us soldiers .
at present , it is impossible to know whether the above death toll also includes suicide bombers .
labor force 's sustained decline is bound to hit eu - japan economic production
( afp , dhaka , switzerland , on the 19 th ) the world economic forum and the consultant 's study report published today pointed out that the european union 's output value would fall by nearly half as a result of the declines in labor population and the proportion of global economic output .
under such circumstances , the rich resources of the developing countries , such as india and china , should help boost economic growth .
" labor productivity growth and productivity will determine economic output .
countries with a huge shortage of labor may not be able to meet the needs and living standards . "
the report , entitled " living a more happy life : the impact of the ageing society , " pointed out that the growth of the life of the people in the medical and health sector , with the help of the labor force , the continuous rise in the retired population , especially the degree of development , is bound to have a direct impact on economic production .
in a statement issued in the study report , " the current population statistics and economic trends remain unchanged , and by 2010 , the proportion of the european union in the world 's gdp will be reduced from 18 percent to 10 percent . "
the statement also warned , " japan 's proportion will decline from 8 percent to 4 percent . "
israeli ambassador to sweden damaged art works
( agence france - presse , stockholm , 18 th ) - the art works of the swedish national museum of history to commemorate the palestinian suicide bombing was triggered by the israeli ambassador to sweden , who was damaged by israeli ambassador to sweden , and today became a comprehensive diplomatic dispute over israeli prime minister sharon 's intervention .
when visiting the art exhibition at stockholm 's antiquities museum last friday , the ambassador saw a painting showing the photographs of the suicide bombers in october last year , and was deliberately destroyed by the authorities of the museum , causing a diplomatic conflict between israel and sweden .
sweden has rejected sweden 's request for the removal of the works .
after the incident , swedish newspapers widely reported the incident .
the exhibition is part of the international conference on the genocide , which will be held by the swedish government , and israel will also attend the meeting .
the video tape was photographed by israeli ambassador to the scene , which led to the electrical wires in the water , and the director of the museum then ordered the ambassador to leave the museum .
israeli prime minister sharon came out today to make the incident a comprehensive diplomatic dispute .
the painting , which was put on display , was mainly a ship with " white snow " on the sea , and was put on the ship with a photo of a group of high - caliber , bilaterritoriality .
in october last year , a suicide bombing attack on the northern part of israel , which killed 21 israelis and caused a wave of palestinian - israeli clashes .
" i cannot bear this art , and it is also a great harm to the family members of the victims of the haifa bombing incident , and as israeli ambassador , i cannot be hardened to this kind of works that are confusing the facts . "
democrats say iraq bombing is evidence of failure of us policy towards iraq
( agence france - presse , washington , 18 th ) - the us democratic candidate , who is seeking to replace bush and the white house , today successively pointed out that the latest suicide bombing incident in baghdad , which caused heavy casualties , is a evidence of the failure of the us policy toward iraq .
the attack , which killed at least 25 people and injured about 30 people , was the most serious assault in baghdad since the us occupation of iraq .
bush 's democratic rival strongly denounced bush 's iraq policy , and some opponents said that the attack was the latest evidence of bush 's failure in policy toward iraq .
" our current policy has failed , and i do n't know what the government does not want to change , " north carolina senator edwards told cbs .
he said : " obviously , the first thing we need to do is to internationalize the iraqi security forces , and the other is to hand over the transitional government to the united nations . "
in a public appearance with the democratic candidate , former president carter said that the iraq war led by the united states has proved that the latest attack was not only based on wrong intelligence and misleading statements but also " a tragedy . "
diane has listed opposition to the iraq war as his campaign main axis .
iraqi guerrillas hit us helicopters with high - tech weapons
( agence france - presse , washington , 18 th ) - senior us military figures say that the iraqi resistance forces are attacking us helicopters with ever - increasing precision weapons .
a group of senior officials familiar with the military 's secrets report said today that the classified military research report found that iraqi guerrillas used rocket - propelled grenades and more advanced hot - to - air missiles to attack us helicopters .
they said that this was a study conducted by iraq before the three attacks on us helicopters this month , but the recent three attacks would only be verified by the study report .
the aim of the military research report is to provide the us pilot with the method of evading the attack of the iraqi guerrillas , and officials concerned are unwilling to discuss the contents of the new discovery .
however , from the new wave of offensive in iraq , it seems that the iraqi guerrillas have carefully studied the us aircraft 's combat mode .
the researchers found that the iraqi guerrillas have used more than once to stage a series of missiles on a 16 - year - old basis , and this has made people particularly worried .
it is very difficult for the pilot to avoid such a precision navigation system .
a senior us airman in the persian gulf region said : " every time our planes were shot down , they were a great victory in the strategy of the enemy 's army .
not only did the news in a big way report , but also made a ruling , so the enemy thought this was a very useful trick . "
since october 25 last year , nine us helicopters have been shot down or crashed , and at least 49 us soldiers have been killed .
augustina , us democrats pick up on eve of the preliminary election in etim state
( agence france - presse , washington , 18 th ) - former us president carter , on the eve of the election of the democratic party 's presidential candidate , will be the first time the us presidential candidate will be allowed to be the candidate , former governor of the state of montreal state , to oppose the iraq war .
" i have always been very grateful for the bold and frank attitude and stance adopted by the governor of the florida plain , " carter told reporters in his hometown of george w. bush .
the nobel peace prize winner said : " in the past year and a half , i spent a lot of time to strongly oppose this , and there is no need and unfair iraq war .
although my great efforts have been made , this war has been launched , and it has been proven that this war is not only based on erroneous intelligence and misleading statements , but also a tragedy . "
carter said that he was a powerful " peace defender , " and even though he did not have a formal letter to the senator , both the us television station reported on carter 's remarks .
as a former governor of the northern state , the former governor of the state of the left - wing state , retired general clark from the state of the southern state , may be at a disadvantage , but carter 's support may increase his chance to win in the southern states that have a strong sense of religion .
in a recent television interview , carter said that he believed that the republican party is the most likely candidate for the democratic party to be determined by bush .
democrats accuse bush of creating new evil axis
( agence france - presse , washington , 21 th ) - the us opposition democratic party on the evening of the 20 th accused president bush of leading the united states to step into isolation from the world , and pointed out that bush 's policy has created a new " evil axis . "
in his speech at the democratic party 's press conference on the national conditions , the democratic party leader buzi criticized the casualties and money in iraq caused by the use of force last year .
since the presidential election in the united states ( the us presidential election is scheduled to start on november 2 this year ) , the democratic party 's special artillery is waiting for bush .
the democratic party 's presidential nomination was one of clark , who was nominated to be one of the founders , said that bush created his own " evil heart . "
in his consultation on national conditions two years ago , bush created a term " evil heart " to describe the threat of some countries in the united states .
" that is the core of our future accounting policy , our foreign policy that threatens our security , and the family 's domestic policy , " clark said .
us again calls on iranian authorities to allow congressional election freedom and justice
( agence france - presse , washington , 21 th ) - iran 's religious conservative forces and reformers have been delayed in the political crisis caused by the issue of the qualifications of the candidates for the election , and the united states has once again called on iran to let this election be held in february .
" we believe that through the election procedures in line with international standards , the iranian leader is an important matter in allowing a free and fair election , and the iranian government must respond to the needs of the people . "
" iran 's political situation is undergoing a evolution , and there are many developments every day , and we are closely watching its situation . "
evans made the above remarks when asked by reporters about the resignation of the iranian government minister and vice president of the iranian government .
according to the report , some cabinet ministers and vice president of the iranian government , led by iranian president mohammad khatami , are seeking the resignation of a large number of candidates for the election next month .
three killed in japanese crash kills three
( agence france - presse , tokyo , 22 th ) - a small plane crashed into a residential area in the central part of japan today , and all three people on board were killed by the plane , and the nearby residence , a kindergarten , and a hospital in the area , and it was difficult to escape .
an emergency official of the county government said that a 32 - year - old man , who was driven by a 32 - year - old youth , crashed into a small car park in the area .
one of the passengers killed was a photographer who took pictures of a local kindergarten and a child queuing up in the sky .
the kindergarten was only 100 meters away from the crash site .
" the small plane happened to fall on the side of a hospital , and the three people on board were killed , " the mountain said .
it was indeed a miracle that the plane did not collide with the family or hospital .
at that time , the wind was strong and the oil was being leaked , and if the plane crashed into a domestic or hospital .
that is bound to trigger a big fire . "
an air official from the ministry of transport said that the plane took off from tokyo 's western airport this morning and was scheduled to return two hours later .
the cause of the crash is yet to be ascertained .
space agency says mars exploration car lost contact
( agence france - presse , washington , 22 d . c . ) - us national aviation and space agency officials said today that due to the serious malfunction of the us " mental " exploration vehicle on mars , the space agency has lost contact with the space agency .
the head of mars exploration mission , singh , said , " we find that there are very serious phenomena in the exploration car . "
the space agency said yesterday that due to the ramming of lightning over australia , scientists could not transmit the daily instructions to the smart card .
however , the experts now believe that this is a more serious problem that has caused a suspension in contact with each other .
the spiritual discovery vehicle arrived in mars on january 3 and began to search for the signs of life of this red star last week .
the " opportunities " of the smart id card number is scheduled to land at night from january 24 to 25 .
the survey mission was estimated to cost $ 820 million , which was originally expected to take about three months to carry out the exploration of the two solar - powered vehicles .
us , rok are very optimistic about resumption of talks with north korea after talks
( agence france - presse , washington , 22 th ) - the united states said today that it is very optimistic about the resumption of the multinational talks as soon as possible to end the north korean nuclear deadlock , but the united states also said that it will only make a little progress in urging pyongyang to return to the conference table .
" we believe that the hope of the six - party talks is very great , but we still have no specific date , " said james kelly , the highest us foreign minister in charge of asia - pacific affairs .
kelly held talks with senior officials of japan and south korea to discuss the north korean nuclear development situation . he said that the possibility of the second round of talks is still very high , and it will eventually lead to north korea 's consent to the disarmament program .
" we believe it is very likely that the six - party talks will continue , " kelly told reporters .
however , he said , the agreement should be a wide - ranging one , and should include the promise that pyongyang is willing to accept the verification and verification so as to completely abolish the uranium enrichment program and to deal with existing weapons .
north korea once presented the plutonium that they had said , but denied that it had any uranium enrichment program , and refuting the us claim that pyongyang had recognized the uranium enrichment program during the 2002 talks .
who confirms sixth bird flu deaths in vietnam
( agence france - presse , hanoi , 24 th ) - the world health organization ( who ) confirmed today that a 13 - year - old boy in ho chi minh city in southern vietnam had died of avian influenza virus .
this is the first reported case of bird flu in southern vietnam .
vietnam 's health officials earlier announced that the sixth case of bird flu has been killed , and the number of deaths in vietnam has increased to at least six , and this has made the outside world worry about the ever - increasing expansion of the virus and the human problem .
the boy was tested positive for the h5n1 virus and confirmed that the virus was infected .
ho chi minh , head of ho chi minh city , told afp today that the boy died of illness in the second children 's hospital in ho chi minh city on january 22 .
he was sent to the hospital for symptoms of respiratory infection on the 19 th .
the world health organization also said that currently , the vietnamese authorities are concerned about the development of the epidemic .
another vietnamese health official pointed out that on the 22 nd , a sister died of serious respiratory tract disease in a hospital in hanoi and the health authorities suspected that the two were also the victims of the bird flu .
millions of poultry meat being infected in indonesia
( agence france - presse , jakarta , 25 th ) - the indonesian ministry of agriculture announced today that the bird flu outbreak has caused millions of dead chickens , but so far no case of human infection has been reported .
the head of the animal department of the ministry of agriculture , suzuki , told the public that no one in indonesia has been infected with the deadly disease .
at present , seven countries in the asian region have reported avian flu cases , and six people in vietnam have died .
indonesian officials said earlier that the bird flu , which was generally infected in java and bali in november last year , was a new city .
a spokesman for the ministry of agriculture said that there is no indication of an outbreak of bird flu in indonesia .
in the evening , he told afp that it was still not clear whether the wave was hatched by a hatch 5nll virus .
most of vietnam 's cases of bird flu deaths were caused by hatch 5n1 virus .
the spokesman said that the new town , together with influenza a - type avian influenza , had caused a death of 4.7 million poultry since november last year .
about 60 percent of them died from illness in the new city .
he said that he had not yet ordered an immediate killing operation .
indonesian state - owned news agency quoted the statement of the indonesian government as saying that the authorities have used british and australian blood to conduct tests to determine the types of the virus , but the results may be the result of the test , and the government will make a report to the relevant international organizations .
snow cover northern europe , causing major traffic and transport chaos
( agence france - presse , paris , 29 th ) - the heavy snow cover half of western europe and northern europe , causing heavy traffic and railway confusion , and forced hundreds of air trips to britain , germany and denmark to be cancelled .
in london , the airport spokesman said that the heavy snow caused more than 200 flight sorties at the airport last night , and 80 flights were suspended early this morning .
the other two airports close to london , including trivial and stalwart , have been affected by snow , and 18 of them have been cancelled due to weather factors .
the frankfurt airport was the largest airport in germany when at least 60 flights were cancelled by the weather in winter .
the transport authorities said that the remaining dozens of flights from frankfurt to frankfurt would have been affected by weather conditions for a whole day .
in france , road traffic restrictions were implemented in paris last night , but similar measures were implemented in other parts of france .
according to the return , the various services of the major airport in paris were close to normal , and the heavy snow and heavy snow caused the delay at the airport yesterday .
however , the paris airport authorities suggested that passengers traveling through air transport should first find out whether their flights should take off and land on time .
in addition to the coast of the country , most areas in france have covered the snow .
taiwan and japan are democratic countries , and they have the duty and responsibility to work together to consolidate asia 's democracy .
in order to propagate the democratic value , the chinese government will set up the " taiwan democratic foundation " in the near future , and international political party cooperation is one of the key tasks .
the democratic progressive party hopes to join hands with democratic parties in various countries to share the experience of democratic development with other countries and make contributions to peace , stability , and prosperity in asia , and realize the ideal of the " asia democratic alliance " at an early date .
today , when the international situation is changing rapidly , the regional forces will be in a state of affairs , and the security of all countries will not be tested .
as far as the asia - pacific region is concerned , since the united states launched a war against iraq last month , the north korea , which supported nuclear weapons , has test - fired missiles on many occasions , and has been flying over japan 's airspace . in addition , china has already actively expanded its arms and deployed ballistic missiles to taiwan .
all these have already posed a serious threat to the security of taiwan and japan and the asia - pacific region .
these issues that have a bearing on democratic consolidation and security protection can only be discussed and resolved by a formal security mechanism .
today 's meeting was the first time that the democratic progressive party , as the ruling party in taiwan , had a formal dialogue with the liberal democratic party [ ldp ] and other political parties in japan on the issue of security , and the importance of the meeting was self-evident .
i also hope that apart from the bilateral dialogue between taiwan and japan , the united states , japan , and the rok will be able to cooperate in promoting the establishment of the " security dialogue mechanism " and support taiwan 's participation in the regional multi-border dialogue organization in order to implement the spirit of " cooperation security . "
today is an important moment for encouraging us to continue to advance along the road of reform , and we are most sure that all comrades within the party can reflect the will of our party and work together to achieve the goal of reform .
" the withdrawal of political parties from the radio and television media " is the most basic requirement for implementing the media reform , and is also the concept that the democratic progressive party has always adhered to , and that the ruling party will only accelerate the pace of reform rather than obstruct or burden .
we also know that it is a small step in the media reform , but it is also a crucial step for the party 's public servants to push forward this goal .
in the past era when the media were monopolized , many comrades in the party , in order to strive to open up the space of public opinion , successively put in the task of setting up the fourth platform and local radio stations , hoping to break through the existing restrictions and increase the energy of the media in order to promote the transformation of the environment .
for example , comrade cai tongrong , for the sake of the fourth wireless television station , was devoted to the hard work , and finally had the birth of the " popular view . "
this move has a great impact on the entire media , especially on breaking the situation of long - term monopoly in the three cable tv stations , and creating more room for cable tv stations to carry out their activities .
however , we must understand that due to the limitations of the historical environment , there are many inclinations in the course of promoting reform , and therefore , the space of the media has been completely opened up today , and the task of the stage has been reached , and the task of the reform is bound to be given up .
the central standing committee announced that all the comrades of the party 's public service at the legislative yuan 's session will have to withdraw from the operation of the radio , movie , and television media before september 5 , and to set a good example for the people .
we are very pleased to see that the comrades who have made more contributions to the democratic movement , such as cai tongrong , chen shui - bian , zhou qingyu , hou shusheng , gao mengding , huang naifu , and shen ming - kung , have been able to give up the small ones , so as to promote the media reform .
ruling power is not a matter of power , but an increase of responsibility .
in the process of ruling the democratic progressive party , the democratic progressive party , and the democratic progressive party , we can always be able to meet the challenges of being able to advance in a pioneering spirit , and the project of building democracy and deepening democracy in taiwan . at the same time , it is in line with the universal value of democracy , peace , and prosperity in the world .
this is because we always believe that the people are the masters of this country , and the responsibility of the democratic progressive party is to raise the creative party spirit of " being honest , hardworking , and cherishing the land " to the bright future of " reform , progress , and good life , " and to lay a foundation for the long - term peace and stability of the 23 million taiwan people .
for a long time , the democratic progressive party has played the role of " separation of the government " and made brilliant achievements in expanding taiwan 's diplomatic efforts .
although the chinese communists have continued to exert pressure , we have never returned to the mainland , because the fate is in our own hands , and even if we do not have ample resources , the democratic progressive party is still advancing step by step , thus expanding taiwan 's international participation space .
" diverse diplomacy " is the main axis of the overall diplomatic strategy of the democratic progressive party , and in the past year , we have successfully shared and exchanged experiences with the political parties in the region with the " asia free and democratic alliance " as a platform for the economic challenges , the democratic reform of political parties in the east asian region , and the resolution of the problem of globalization and poverty , political propaganda , and youth participation .
in march next year , i will also officially take over the chairman of the " asia free and democratic alliance " and hope that taiwan will be able to create more opportunities for the international community in the capacity of the international organization leaders .
in addition , after the democratic progressive party became a formal member of the " international free alliance " last year , it also took an active part in relevant meetings .
apart from being the human rights commissioner at the secretariat of the london headquarters , it will also cooperate with other members of the political parties to hold relevant seminars on political reform in central and south america and europe .
9 . our party completed its 17 - year - old party birthday .
the 17 - year - old democratic progressive party has always adhered to the democratic ideal and is full of strength for reform and progress .
because we have always stood on this side of democratic reform , we can win the trust of the taiwan people , and it is precisely because of this that our responsibilities and mission in the future are even more serious and important .
three years ago , when we took over the ruling party , the ruling party in the past had already gone through six rounds of revisions to the constitution .
in fact , the process of handling the overall election of the national assembly in 1991 , the handling of the presidential elections in 1994 , the freezing of the provincial government organization , and the 2000 national assembly will be very set up in 1997 . this series of twists and turns are in fact the track of the taiwan people 's strengthening their sovereignty and democracy .
if we are directly elected by the president in 1996 as the most important symbol of taiwan 's becoming a democratic country with independent sovereignty , then this " complete " country is now 10 years old by 2006 .
after 10 years of practice , we must think about it and , as a democratic country with independent sovereignty , what is our next step ?
i must say that in the next stage , we should further pursue the deepening of democracy and the more efficient constitutional system , so that we can lead the taiwan people to meet the severe challenges of the new century .
asia is the largest zhou in the world , accounting for nearly 30 percent of the world 's land , and the current population accounts for about 60 percent of the world 's total , and the total economic volume accounts for one - fourth of the world 's total , and it should be able to make outstanding contributions to world peace and development .
asia has a long - standing splendid culture . the yellow river , the yangtze river valley , the hexi river and the hexi river valley , and the guinness river are the famous human civilization area .
in a long historical process , the asian people have written a glorious chapter in the development of human civilization .
in modern times , asia has experienced vicissitudes of life , repeatedly suffered hardships , and the people of all countries have made unremitting efforts to strive for liberation and development , and have scored tremendous achievements .
however , there is still a long way to go to realize the new rise and regeneration of asia .
strengthening cooperation , promoting development , and achieving common victory are the only way to rise and invigorate asia , and is also where the fundamental interests of the asian people lie .
under the new situation in the new century , asia 's development is facing new opportunities .
peace and development are still the main theme of the contemporary era , and the overall international environment is peaceful , thus providing favorable external conditions for asia 's development .
economic globalization is developing in depth , the world 's scientific and technological revolution is advancing by leaps and bounds , the optimization and reorganization of the international production factors and the transfer of industries is conducive to the use of international capital , the introduction of advanced technology , and the development of the international market , and the development of the domestic economy .
asia is rich in resources and has a vast market , and is the region with the greatest economic vitality and great potential for development in the world today .
it is china 's two major national conditions with a large number of people and not a developed country .
china has a population of 1.3 billion people , no matter how small it is , so long as it takes 1.3 billion people , it will become a very big problem , no matter how much financial and material resources are , so long as it is eliminated , it will become a very low per capita level .
this is something that the chinese leaders must firmly remember at any time .
we cannot rely on others to solve the problem of 1.3 billion people , but can only rely on ourselves .
since the founding of the people 's republic of china , great achievements have been made in our construction , and at the same time , we have also made some detours and lost some opportunities .
since the beginning of reform and opening up in 1978 , we have finally found a correct path for developing ourselves .
this is : the chinese people have independently built socialism with chinese characteristics .
the essence of this road is to mobilize all positive factors , emancipate and develop productive forces , respect and safeguard the chinese people 's freedom to pursue happiness .
china 's reform and opening up drive , from rural to urban areas , and from economic , cultural , and social fields to political , cultural , and social fields .
in the final analysis , every step is to let all labor , knowledge , technology , management , and capital , and to make all the sources of creating social wealth full of resources .
in recent years , the world is undergoing profound changes , science and technology are changing with each passing day , the world 's productive forces are constantly improving , and the world market has become closer , thus creating a historic opportunity for the development of all countries .
however , what is worth noting is that power politics , regional conflicts , terrorism , infectious diseases , and environmental deterioration are still threatening world stability and development .
the negative impact of economic globalization has increased the risks and costs of developing countries ' economic and social development , and some developing countries are even facing the danger of being marginalized .
although the world economy is gradually recovering , it is still facing many uncertainties .
the doha round of multilateral trade negotiations suffered setbacks and trade protectionism and other complicated factors have increased the difficulty of developing countries .
what is gratifying is that the vast number of developing countries have made active progress , and are keen to reform , and have made great achievements in making the country prosperous .
in the international arena , the developing countries have relied on the nonalignment movement , the 77 - nation group , and so on to strengthen unity and cooperation , thus making important contributions to safeguarding their own legitimate rights and interests and changing the irrational international political and economic order and becoming an important force promoting the democratization of international relations .
at the same time , exchanges and cooperation between the developing countries have also achieved fruitful results , and economic exchanges between the two countries have become more frequent .
from the antana mountain to the mekong river , and from the establishment of the african union to the establishment of the african union , from the content of south - south cooperation to form , and from the mechanism to the means , they are constantly enriched , improved , and updated .
the past year was also a year in which the friendly and cooperative relations between china and canada continued to develop in an all - round way .
trade between the two countries has maintained a momentum of growth , and the total volume of trade between the two countries is close to $ 10 billion .
high - level contacts have been frequent , foreign ministers , defense minister , environmental minister , and international cooperation ministers have visited china one after another , and the chinese supreme court president , commerce minister , and other high - ranking officials have also visited canada . what is more important is that the two prime ministers have successfully exchanged visits .
premier wen jiabao 's visit to canada not long ago has the significance of carrying on the past and opening up the future , and has injected new vitality into the development of sino - canadian relations , thus laying a solid foundation for promoting the continuous development of friendly cooperation between the two countries in all fields .
china and canada will continue to strengthen their cooperation in the political , economic , cultural , educational , scientific , technological , and other fields , and strive to achieve the goal of overthrowing the total bilateral trade volume by 2010 .
ladies and gentlemen ,
although you are home to overseas , you have always been concerned about the development of the motherland . at every crucial moment , you are always concerned about the worries of the people of the motherland and the happiness of the people of the motherland and the pulse of the motherland .
last year , after being hit by sars and floods in some parts of china , you have expressed deep concern and blessing to the people of the motherland through the network , letters , telephone , and donations , and the chinese people of all walks of life have held a series of large - scale charity activities . after the successful completion of the " shenzhou 5 " manned space flight , you have been very proud of china 's scientific and technological achievements .
during premier wen jiabao 's visit to canada , several hundred overseas chinese and chinese students studying in the country went to the airport to welcome premier wen jiabao 's visit , and many people were deeply impressed by the bitter winter .
i would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt thanks to all of you , and i believe that you will continue to make new and greater contributions to china 's prosperity , prosperity , and the development of sino - canadian relations in the new year .
first , strengthen political trust and deepen strategic cooperation .
as a permanent member of the un security council , china and france are both countries with important influence on international affairs .
we both agree to promote the multipolarization of the world and advocate safeguarding the authority of the united nations , and are willing to promote the establishment of a new international political and economic order that is in line with the will of the people of all countries .
our two countries have a broad consensus and common interests in dealing with various challenges facing mankind and properly handling major international affairs .
we are willing to strengthen dialogue and consultations with france on the major issues of opposing terrorism , preventing proliferation , cracking down on transnational crimes , promoting common development , and strengthening the role of the united nations , and work hard to safeguard world peace and promote common development .
second , it is necessary to strengthen economic and trade cooperation and realize mutually complementary and mutually beneficial cooperation .
china is the world 's largest developing country , and is making all - out efforts to carry out modernization , and has a broad market .
france is a developed country and its economic and technological level is in the forefront of the world , and it has a leading technology in many fields .
the economies of our two countries are highly complementary and there is great potential for economic and trade cooperation .
since the founding of new china , the chinese government has always attached great importance to developing relations with africa and formulated a series of principles and policies .
we have always adhered to the five principles of peaceful coexistence , respected the african countries ' independent choice of political system and development path , provided economic and technological cooperation to african countries , supported the unity and cooperation of african countries , and supported the international community to pay attention to the peace and development of africa , and supported african countries to participate in international affairs on an equal footing , and jointly safeguard the rights and interests of the developing countries .
the friendship between china and africa goes back to ancient times and enjoys popular support .
since the founding of new china , we have always firmly supported the cause of african national liberation and sincerely helped african countries develop their national economy .
chinese experts , doctors , teachers , and workers who have been sent to africa to work side by side with the local people , get along well with each other , and get along with each other .
in international affairs , china and african countries understand and support each other , and have become mutual trust partners .
the chinese people will never forget that at the 26th un general assembly in 1971 , the chinese people have smoothly regained their legitimate seat in the united nations with the great support of the vast number of developing countries , including african countries .
in recent years , china and africa have constantly deepened their political mutual trust , and economic and trade cooperation has been fruitful , and the friendly exchanges in the fields of culture , education , public health , science and technology , sports , and other fields have been developing , and the china - africa cooperation forum , which was established at the beginning of the century , has established a new platform for the development of sino - african relations and deepening cooperation .
china and africa have decided to establish a new - type partnership of long - term stability , equality , and mutual benefit , and sino - african friendship and cooperation have entered a new stage of all - round development .
after nixon visited china and the shanghai communique issued seven years ago , the carter administration accepted china 's stand on the taiwan issue and realized the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and the united states .
this incident and deng xiaoping 's successful visit to the united states have opened a new chapter in sino - us relations .
in the early days of reagan 's administration , china and the united states had a fierce confrontation on the taiwan issue .
through arduous negotiations , the two governments issued the famous " august 17 " communique in 1982 , and reached an agreement on resolving the issue of arms sales to taiwan step by step .
the shanghai communique , the sino - us communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations , and the " 17 august " communique have jointly constituted the political cornerstone of sino - us relations .
in the 10 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations , although the two countries have fought on the taiwan issue and other issues , sino - us relations have been stable on the whole , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been increasing .
in the 1980 s and early 1990 's , the drastic changes in eastern europe , the disintegration of the soviet union , the end of the cold war , and the most profound changes have taken place in the international situation since world war ii .
the united states has taken the lead in imposing sanctions on china and announced the sale of 150 - 16 fighter planes , linking the issue of human rights with the most favored nation treatment , and allowing lee teng - hui to visit the united states , thus leading to a decline in sino - us relations .
with the rapid development of china 's economy , china 's international status has been constantly enhanced .
more and more people in the united states have realized that the improvement and development of sino - us relations is in the interests of the two countries .
half a year ago , in this hall , we successfully launched the process of the six - party talks and established the direction of peaceful settlement of the nuclear issue .
over the past six months , the various parties have conducted uninterrupted dialogue and consultations , made a great deal of and in - depth preparations for the new round of talks , and enhanced mutual understanding of their positions through this process .
at present , all parties are looking forward to discussing the substantive issues and achieving concrete results in the second round of talks , and both agree that the peace process of the six - party talks should be resolved through coordination and coordination .
all these have constituted an important foundation for our talks today .
the important significance of the second round of talks is to start discussions on substantive issues , which marks a new step forward in the peace talks .
the current round of talks will involve how to establish the specific goals of the nuclear issue , explore the first - phase measures for resolving the nuclear issue , and study ways for the process of sustainable talks .
with the deepening of the talks , we will also face more difficulties and meet more challenges . however , this is precisely the duty entrusted by history to us and is also our expectation of the international community .
the six parties are gathering here , representing the strong political aspirations of the governments and peoples of the six countries for peace .
our talks are aimed at expanding consensus rather than conspicuous differences , and are aimed at solving problems rather than intensifying contradictions .
the chinese side believes that all sides can realize the peace mission on their shoulders and , with a constructive attitude , cooperation , and understanding , respect each other , show flexibility , and narrow the gap .
the second round of the six - party talks in beijing was completed after more than three days of negotiations .
i would like to express my gratitude to the governments and leaders of various countries as well as the working personnel for their contributions in this regard .
if the first round of talks has set the great goal of realizing the denuclearization of the peninsula , then the significance of the current round of talks is to carry out substantive dialogue and make a new step toward the realization of the great goal .
during the talks , all parties conducted in - depth and constructive discussions , and made a positive policy statement with wisdom and rational exploration of ways and steps to solve the problem .
a series of useful results have been achieved in the talks , especially on the coming round of talks and the establishment of a working group , which is of great significance to promoting the peace talks process .
peace and development are the main themes of our great era .
the people of the six countries you represent need peace , peace , and peace , and the people of all countries in the world need peace and love peace .
in the past three days , the international community has been watching beijing closely , watching the diaoyutai state guesthouse , and has placed great hopes on this round of talks .
perhaps some people may think that the results of the talks are not large enough , and the process is not fast enough .
my view is that this round of talks was launched under the circumstances of the lack of mutual trust and the widening of mutual position between the parties concerned .
the chinese government 's stand on the taiwan issue is consistent , that is , to adhere to the basic principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems . "
therefore , we have made every effort to show the greatest sincerity and done a lot of work .
however , our efforts have been provocative from the taiwan authorities and the " taiwan independence " forces .
we respect the democratic demands of the taiwan people , but we oppose the taiwan authorities and the " taiwan independence " forces in the name of democracy to engage in " taiwan independence " activities and separate taiwan from the motherland .
the reason why we clearly show our determination and will to safeguard the reunification of the motherland is to safeguard peace and stability in the taiwan strait region .
we have stated that as long as there is a line of hope , we will do our best to realize the reunification of the motherland through peaceful means .
we appreciate president bush 's repeated adherence to the one - china stance and have issued a clear signal to the " taiwan independence " forces .
the leader of the taiwan authorities claimed that " in order to prevent china from using force to infringe on taiwan , one - sided change of the status quo between the two sides of the strait , it is necessary to promote a peace referendum . "
this is a slander of the mainland 's peace efforts , and is also a provocation to cross - strait relations .
at present , the actual threat to taiwan 's security is not from the mainland , but from the taiwan authorities ' wanton activities of " taiwan independence . "
the " taiwan independence " separatist force is the direct source of undermining the status quo of cross - strait relations and jeopardizing peace in the taiwan strait .
the taiwan authorities have distorted the mainland 's opposition to " taiwan independence " splitting and safeguarding stability in the taiwan strait as an excuse to suppress taiwan 's democracy and freedom and use this as an excuse to launch a referendum .
this is groundless and confused right and wrong , and is meant to win sympathy and support for the continued implementation of the separatist line .
the leader of the taiwan authorities claimed that he would hold a so - called " defensive referendum " and " a peace referendum , " but such provocative behavior will only trigger confrontation and hostility between the two sides of the strait , aggravate cross - strait tension , and push cross - strait relations to the brink of danger step by step .
this completely runs counter to the mainstream public opinion of the taiwan compatriots for peace , stability , and development , and is not the deepening of taiwan 's " democracy , " but is also a serious threat to the taiwan people and a serious threat to peace and stability in the asia - pacific region , and is bound to be universally opposed by the compatriots on both sides of the strait and the international community .
taking a general look at the historical process of the development of the chinese nation , reunification is always the main current , and is the trend of the times and the will of the people .
with the growing strength of the motherland and the constant strengthening of cross - strait cooperation , the international community has generally recognized the one - china pattern , and any separatist conspiracy is doomed to failure .
it is also one of the two weeks of the lunar new year and one of the traditional festivals that the chinese people attach great importance to .
on this exciting day , we are accustomed to meeting and exchanging gifts with the bodyguards to express our goodwill .
hongkong post , in the spirit of the " heartwarming and delivery business " , has been working with china post to launch this " hong kong - china gift fulfilment service " and to send their goodwill and wishes to the relatives and friends of the mainland or hong kong people during the spring festival .
hongkong post has been working closely with other postal administrations to provide international logistics service .
as early as december 2002 , australia post launched a wine distribution service to provide quality products to the public .
this time , we have been working with china post to launch the " hong kong / mainland gift fulfilment service " in the delivery of postal service , postal remittance , and courier service .
the first batch of gift sets , including candy , tea leaves and hoi lai , are specially designed for the lunar new year gift sets .
it is a very interesting gift to friends and friends in the mainland , or to co - operate partners in the business field .
in the past 30 years , the consumer council has contributed significantly to the protection of consumer rights .
to evaluate the effectiveness of the consumer council 's work , it is best not to see whether the consumer rights and interests have been substantially improved .
i agree with president chen just now that after 30 years , not only the consumers have been clearly aware of their own rights and interests , but also the rights and interests of all sectors of the community are the results of the efforts of the council and the government .
the consumer council conducts regular tests on the products and conducts market surveys and studies on various products and services , and disseminate fair and objective market information to the public through the " choice " monthly digest .
the " selected monthly digest " is deeply trusted by the public , and the current issue of developing the internet version of the " selected monthly digest " will be more effective in giving play to its functions and helping consumers to obtain market information .
the consumer council has 11 regional consumer advisory centres and 16 telephone hotlines which provide information on goods and services to consumers and receive complaints from consumers .
since the establishment of the consumer council , the number of enquiries received by the consumer council has increased from several thousand in the early 1970 s to 146,000 in the early 70 s , an increase of more than 20 times over the previous year .
in addition , the consumer council has handled more than 26,000 complaints this year .
the consumer council will also remind consumers not only of the modus operandi of individual shops , but also of a certain deterrent effect .
when the honourable yang , i said to you that i was very careful about the television and later i had made a lot of remorse , and i saw the public 's aspirations and complaints , and was dissatisfied with the government 's administration .
in this regard , the government and i have been working hard in the past six to seven months to see that the public 's demand is to do a good job in the economy and the people 's livelihood , and we have made many efforts in this regard . we have also learned that the public have many views on article 23 of the basic law , and the government has actually made a prompt response .
i also have a clear understanding of the community 's aspirations for democracy .
however , members yang , i would like to tell you that what i am doing today is to ensure that every matter can be carried out smoothly after the start of the constitutional review . therefore , it is two different things .
what is the basic question ?
some are issues of principle , some are legal issues , and are related to the political review of the " basic law , " and how to understand the relevant regulations of the " basic law " and to do a good job in this regard .
we are doing this work , and we have already started working on a three - member group .
it will consult the central authorities and listen to your views in hong kong , and i think this is a very good step , which is a decision that we attach great importance to the views of the community .
in the current commercial environment of fierce competition , brand plays a key role in the success of products .
to create famous brands , it is not something that can be accomplished overnight , and it is necessary to possess innovative design , fine quality , rich packaging , effective marketing , and sustainable investment .
hong kong has the conditions to create famous brands .
we have relevant knowledge , skills , and experience , and from design , manufacturing , marketing , and management to talent , and we also have a broad market .
in addition to the zero tariffs on the mainland market , the largest benefit of the businessmen 's efforts to increase the value of products , and to turn the products into the famous brands of hong kong , the mainland , and even the world 's consumers .
the " hong kong ten big brand names election " of the chinese manufacturers ' association of hong kong , which is a joint effort to promote the development of hong kong 's products in the direction of high value - added .
in the past five years , the election has hastened the birth of 51 " hong kong 's ten famous brands . "
however , in the face of the huge mainland market , 51 brand names are really not considered , and we need more than hundreds of people and more " hong kong brands . "
over the years , the hong kong mtr corporation has actively participated in the mtr projects in various major cities in the mainland , bringing their rich experience in hong kong into the mainland market through services .
i am pleased to note that the quality of investment , professional services and management staff in hong kong has been affirmed by the mainland market .
this type of exchanges between hong kong and shenzhen will not only help the development of the motherland , but also create more opportunities for hong kong businessmen to develop the economy and provide more job opportunities for hong kong .
i would like to express my deep gratitude to the central government and the shenzhen special economic zone government for their support in many areas , such as the implementation of the agreement in principle .
it is the first time that the mtr corporation has taken out hong kong to participate in the development of the domestic subway in the form of investment and further brought hong kong 's brand to the mainland , and this is something that the hong kong people and the compatriots at home are pleased to see .
i would like to wish the shenzhen railway transportation route 4 a formal examination and approval by the central government at an early date , so as to lay a more solid foundation for the future exchanges and cooperation between the two places .
i am pleased to be invited by the gold and silver trade fair today to attend your spring festival , and to officiate at the opening ceremony of the new year 's golden city .
first of all , i would like to pay tribute to all of you and wish everyone a success in the spirit of the dragon boat year , the year of the dragon , and the year of the horse .
in the past year , the price of gold has risen sharply , and in the near future , it has made a breakthrough of us $ 400 per litre , and the trend has continued to be strong , reflecting investors ' confidence in gold .
i believe that the interbank has been very busy in the past year .
in fact , apart from external factors , the smooth operation of the gold and silver industry in the past 90 years was also reflected in the results of the hard work of the trade .
these efforts have not only laid a solid foundation for hong kong , but also contributed to the consolidation of hong kong 's status as an international financial centre .
the so - called " measures are in spring , " and i hope that the various sectors of the gold and silver trade will continue to work hard in the next year , and the " golden time " of the gold and silver industry , and to grasp the reform of the mainland 's gold market , the country 's accession to the wto , and the apec economies will continue to promote the development of the market .
i believe that with the active promotion of the industry , hong kong 's gold city will certainly be able to engage in a lot of nonsense in the coming year .
finally , i wish the monkey city of golden armor a thriving business .
thank you .
however , the challenges ahead are not limited to subvented public housing , but the private housing sector is also facing a major test .
the outbreak of the financial crisis in 1997 has resulted in the collapse of the asset bubble , which has led to a large amount of property prices of 70% , which has caused the property owners to be severely hit , and is also the main cause of the worsening of deflation over the past five years .
now that the economy is improving , we are determined to maintain a stable environment to ensure the sustained and stable development of the property market .
a healthy property market is of vital importance to the continued economic recovery of hong kong .
we are also committed to protecting and improving the living environment .
in the future , we will adopt a more appropriate urban design based on the principle of sustainable development to enhance the protection of our natural and cultural heritage and to improve our living environment .
we will pay special attention to the overall environmental problems .
the lessons of the sars outbreak in hong kong last year reminded us to make efforts to create a still more beautiful and healthy living environment .
we have strengthened the greening environment , wide variety of trees , increased parks and recreational facilities to facilitate the enjoyment of the public .
i would like to thank the chief executive for his views on the judicial and legal , constitutional , civil service and subvented organisations and security issues in the policy address .
as regards the areas of judicial and legal services , the hon margaret ng and the hon jasper tsang yok - sing are the chairmen and vice - chairmen of the legislative council panel on justice and legal services .
in his " policy address , " the chief executive has put forward a number of measures to promote the administration of the people , including strengthening the ties between principal officials and the community , conducting more public policy studies , strengthening cooperation between the government and the legislative council , and seriously conducting a constitutional review .
the department of justice will take full part in the above work to ensure that the government 's measures are in line with the law and procedures , particularly with the basic law , including the protection of the basic rights and freedoms of the public , and will also maintain the vigilance of the hon margaret ng and the rule of law and judicial independence in hong kong .
as a principal official , i will do my best to understand the views of the community and the legal profession on issues affecting the judicial affairs and legal profession .
for example , the " mainland and hong kong closer economic partnership arrangement " is the result of the close cooperation between the government and the industry , including the bar association , the law society , and the china entrust of the public witness association .
we have successfully incorporated the " legal services " into one of the open service industries in the mainland , and this has provided a new platform for strengthening cooperation in legal services between the two places , thus bringing about macroeconomic and long - term benefits to the legal services of the two places .
the task force is two - way , and we will reflect to the central authorities the work of listening to public opinion in hong kong .
from mid - january to now , we have received more than 10 organisations and individuals .
the hong kong special administrative region ( hksar ) is one of the central government that completely accepted hong kong 's constitutional development needs to conform to " one country , two systems . "
most of them believe that hong kong 's political system needs to be improved , but at the same time , we must accept any development that is in line with the basic law .
groups and individuals have their views on individual procedures and legal issues .
the task force will be fully re - elected to the central authorities their wish , views and submissions .
in the coming month or so , the task force will continue to meet with other groups and individuals , and we will convey the views received by the central authorities .
this is the first meeting between the task force and the relevant departments of the central authorities , and we will continue to follow up and communicate with the central authorities in the future .
i am sure that the constitutional development involves the relationship between the central authorities and the hong kong special administrative region , and that the central authorities have the constitutional authority to examine the constitutional development of the hong kong special administrative region , and we need to discuss with the central authorities .
the west kowloon cultural district ( wkcd ) is a major cultural project that has never been carried out in hong kong , and it is not only a plan to provide the public with cultural and recreational space , but also a project to improve the quality of the public and the city .
the construction of the west kowloon cultural district belongs to the whole hong kong community .
the government will continue to conduct in - depth discussions with various sectors of the community and to pool the wisdom of the community .
we understand that it is not only necessary to pursue a beautiful scenery of the buildings , but also to enable it to have economic benefits , sustainable development , and to improve the quality of life of the public .
the government therefore attaches great importance to the software support of the west kowloon cultural district , which must be in line with the relevant measures , including the management policy , the promotion strategy for the arts and cultural programmes , the content of the exhibition and the publicity strategy .
the formulation of these relevant strategies must listen carefully to the views of " use families . "
the younger generation , including every young friend who is sitting on , is one of the most important uses of the future west kowloon cultural district .
we hope that the region will be able to have a long stay , and that the common people of hong kong and other overseas visitors , whether they are mature or lively , will be able to stay back .
i know you have been discussing the various aspects of the west kowloon cultural district this morning , and some of the students have spent a lot of hard work in the past month to produce a special report , which is believed to be very familiar with the details of the project .
i am anxious to listen to the results of your discussions and to exchange views with you .
since the september 11 terrorist attacks , global attention has been focused on port , airport , and border security .
as the world 's largest port for container transportation to the united states , hong kong is undoubtedly the " port security initiative " put forward by the united states .
in addition , we believe that cutting off the lifeline of terrorist organizations is also an effective means to deter terrorist activities .
the huge amount of capital inflows from the global financial system has been frustrated by the law enforcement agencies that have been fighting against the proceeds of crime and money laundering .
as a major financial centre in asia , we believe that cutting the capital of terrorists may be the most effective means of fundamentally cracking down on its framework .
at present , the legislative authorities in hong kong are discussing various improvement measures to strengthen the existing legislation against the financing of terrorist activities , and are actively in line with international standards and situation , such as the new recommendations of the financial action task force on money laundering , and the amendment legislation .
in addition , we are striving to draw up a better disclosure legislation to facilitate the reporting of suspicious transactions by the parties and individuals concerned .
the " balance " is also the key to this work : the effective investigation power , the freedom of the constitutional protection , the efficiency of personal privacy , the economy , and the financial system are factors that must be considered .
our control measures are based on the rule of law , transparency , fairness and efficiency .
in fact , hong kong 's services sector has many advantages .
hong kong 's professional and commercial professionals have a deep understanding of the operation of international and mainland businesses .
hong kong 's accounting , financial , legal , arbitration , and other professional services are the best cooperative partners in the process of mainland enterprises in the process of advancing toward internationalization and internationalization of the world market .
as for our transport , construction , design and marketing services , management consultancy , information technology , conference and exhibition services , we will help to enhance the overall productivity and competitiveness of mainland enterprises , and help enterprises and products to formulate a strategy and enhance their brand image .
and services such as tourism , medical care , and insurance will also help promote the development of related markets and industries in the mainland and enhance the level of service .
the close co - operation between the services sector of the two places will greatly enhance the existing strengths of both sides , which will help to meet the opportunities and challenges brought by economic globalization .
to promote the development of the professional services sector in the mainland , the financial secretary and i have just discussed with the relevant bureaux and departments and representatives of a number of professional sectors in beijing with the relevant mainland authorities and their counterparts on the issues of mutual recognition of professional qualifications and the concern of other industries .
i am pleased to note the signing of mutual recognition and co - operation agreements in the three areas of construction , structural engineering and insurance , as an important step in the development of the mainland market .
through the meeting , the professional bodies in hong kong have also established closer ties with their mainland counterparts to lay a good foundation for the next phase of friendly cooperation .
i believe that the majority of hong kong residents love the motherland and hong kong .
the relations and relations between the mainland and hong kong in the economic , social , political , and cultural fields have been very close and closely related to the return of hong kong to the motherland .
on the economic front , we have seen that since more than 20 years ago , the country has promoted four modernizations , promoted reform and opening up , hong kong 's industrial sector has the opportunity to move to the north , and there is a new development space , which has enabled the relationship between hong kong society and the mainland to be closer .
in the past few days , we have a further opportunity to have new opportunities for our service industries in different fields , including the central government , the closer economic partnership arrangement with the mainland , and the more active and extensive participation in the economic development of the mainland , so as to make new contributions to the country and hong kong , and to the closer relationship between hong kong and the mainland .
in the area of social development , we have seen the development of our country in recent years .
hong kong residents were very excited when they saw beijing 's successful bid to host the 2008 olympic games .
a few months ago , yang liwei visited hong kong , and hong kong people were also very excited why ?
this is because we feel that every and every hong kong citizen is proud of the success of our country .
i know that the legislative council has started discussions with the government on the long - term business areas of the legislative council 10 years ago .
similarly , the government has been taking into account the long - term plan for relocation of government headquarters in the past 10 years .
i therefore understand that the government 's decision to defuse the tamar development project , including the new legislative council building , will definitely disappoint some members of the legislative council .
i understand that some of the members have to be aggrieved by the continued efforts of the environment during this period .
however , as i have said to the government colleagues who are affected by this decision , i hope that you will also be able to understand the situation in the public interest and to be more patient during this period .
i have explained to the administration of the legislative council earlier that , having regard to the current financial situation and the financial situation after the outbreak of atypical pneumonia last year , the government does not consider it appropriate to carry out the tamar project or the large - scale office building works .
deferred to the new legislative council building at the tamar site will help reduce the financial pressure of the government in the next few years and meet the public interest .
when the public financial situation has improved , the government will re - launch the new legislative council building at tamar site , and we will do so .
the state is very concerned about hong kong , the chairman and the premier are very concerned about hong kong , and i know that they and the central government will do their best to do a good job in this regard .
therefore , good news will come one after another in the fields of tourism , finance , infrastructure coordination , freedom rights , and zero tariff and service industries .
i also hope that with the economic recovery of hong kong , hong kong will be able to make greater contributions to the development of our country with its own advantages .
during my meeting with premier wen jiabao , i also congratulate hong kong on his remarkable achievements in the past year under his leadership , and even though the country is still facing many challenges in the future , you have heard his work report , and he is full of confidence .
premier wen jiabao also told me that reviewing mr. deng xiaoping 's important exposition on " one country , two systems " 20 years ago is of great significance for us to comprehensively and accurately understand the " one country , two systems " principle and to help our future constitutional development .
he also told me that hong kong people should seize this opportunity to concentrate their energies on developing the economy and doing a good job in the people 's livelihood .
later , i will meet with mr zhang dejiang , secretary of the guangdong provincial party committee , and mr huang hua , governor of the province , and discuss with them how to make our cooperation to a higher level and create a greater win - win situation .
the last point is that the " hong kong people governing hong kong " , which is well - known by all of us recently , is that hong kong people , with the patriot as the main body , must administer hong kong .
for the patriot , there is also a very clear standard that we should respect the patriot of our own nation , sincerely support the state 's resumption of the exercise of sovereignty over hong kong , and do not do anything that will harm the country and hong kong . this is the patriot , which is the main body of the patriot .
i would like to reiterate that the people of hong kong are patriotic as a whole .
here , it is not a common hong kong citizen , but a high - level figure who is involved in the management of public affairs in hong kong , in the administrative structure , the legislative council , and the judiciary .
when they were sworn in , they should , in accordance with the " basic law , " express their support for the " basic law " of the hong kong special administrative region of the people 's republic of china , and be loyal to the hong kong special administrative region of the people 's republic of china .
the five , six principles , and important considerations mentioned above have actually been discussed in the 1980 s on the long - term future of hong kong , and when the " joint statement " and the " basic law " have been formulated , this long - term principle and policy have been formulated , and will not change , because this is a series of long - term principles and policies of the state 's resumption of the exercise of sovereignty over hong kong , and this will not change .
since the birth of the intellectual property system several hundred years ago , especially since the industrial revolution , it has hastened the birth of another major invention of epoch - making significance .
over the past 20 years , the intellectual property system has become the basic legal system and important policy means of various countries in promoting technological innovation , and has played an important role in rejuvenating the economy and enhancing international competitiveness .
with the rapid development of science and technology and economic globalization , the creation , occupation , and application of intellectual and intellectual resources , and the number and quality of intellectual property rights , have become an important foundation for all countries to participate in international competition .
therefore , international exchanges and cooperation to strengthen the protection of intellectual property rights are of great significance to establishing a just and rational new international economic order and promoting economic prosperity and development in the world .
the chinese government attaches great importance to the protection of intellectual property rights .
in the early days of reform and opening up , china began to establish a intellectual property system , and through more than 20 years of efforts , it has established a relatively complete system of intellectual property rights ( ipr ) , and has established a system of ipr protection with administrative law enforcement , and has done a great deal of work in protecting intellectual property rights , thus making important contributions to promoting scientific and technological progress and economic and social development .
as mankind entered the information society in the 21 st century , the scientific and technological revolution will promote the development of the social productive forces with an unprecedented huge driving force .
further improving china 's intellectual property system and strengthening international exchanges and cooperation in the protection of intellectual property rights is a requirement for china to open up wider to the outside world in the new century , and is also a need for building a socialist modern country and realizing the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation .
we are willing to work together with all countries in the world to establish a fair and reasonable intellectual property system that is conducive to promoting the development of science and technology and economy , and to creating a good environment for the whole of mankind to respect intellectual property rights , advocate science , and protect intellectual property rights .
speeding up the building of the mechanism for organization building is the most important task facing the shanghai cooperation organization at present .
thanks to the efforts of all sides , the secretariat of the cpc central committee and the regional anti - terrorism organizations have made great progress .
we must make continued efforts to ensure the formal activation of the secretariat within this year and set up a regional anti - terrorism organization at an early date .
in order to give expression to the great importance of the shanghai cooperation organization , as the host country of the organization secretariat , the chinese government has decided to provide a free office to the secretariat .
in the future , we will continue to provide strong support for the smooth implementation of the work of the secretariat .
deepening and expanding security cooperation has always been the focus of the work of the shanghai cooperation organization .
we must never relax our vigilance and should never tolerate the " three forces " that seriously endanger the interests of all member states in this region .
we should make long - term unremitting efforts to eliminate these evil forces and effectively safeguard the peace and stability of the region .
in order to cut off the source of funds for the " three forces " activities , we should make comprehensive and effective efforts to crack down on the " three forces , " and we should put the anti - drug issue on the agenda of security cooperation as soon as possible .
economic cooperation is an important foundation and priority direction of the shanghai cooperation organization .
education is the cornerstone of modern civilization .
to improve the quality of the people and enhance the comprehensive national strength , we must vigorously develop education undertakings .
rural education has a broad impact on the overall situation of rural economic and social development .
since the beginning of reform and opening up , tremendous and profound changes have taken place in china 's urban and rural areas , and this is inseparable from the development of education , especially rural education .
the system of contracted responsibility for the production of households in rural areas has greatly emancipated the productive forces .
one of the fundamental reasons for this is that the advanced and practical technology of agriculture has been widely spread . the reason why township and town enterprises have been able to make a large amount of the surplus labor force in the rural areas and cities is that the rural labor force , which has been supported by the compulsory education , has made great achievements in the popularization of compulsory education in rural areas .
at present , china 's agriculture and the rural economy are in a crucial stage of development , and the development of high - quality , high - efficiency , ecological , and security agriculture is developing . the industrialization of agriculture is expanding , and the transfer of surplus labor force in rural areas is urgently needed to comprehensively improve the quality of rural labor force .
the rise of the new scientific and technological revolution in the world and the comprehensive development of a well - off society have set higher demands on the scientific and cultural quality and ideological and moral quality of the broad masses of rural population .
without the comprehensive " universal nine " plan , without the comprehensive improvement of the peasants ' quality , it will be very difficult to achieve a comprehensive well - off life .
we must fully understand the basic , guiding , and overall role of rural education in comprehensively building a well - off society .
the advisers and guests attending the meeting included senior leaders of well - known multinational companies , renowned international economic experts and experts and scholars with deep academic attainments .
i deeply feel the spirit of your consultants ' sincere co - operation and a positive and pragmatic attitude .
giving full play to the spirit and collective wisdom of our cooperation is not only conducive to planning and promoting guangdong 's development , but also conducive to promoting cooperation and development in various fields .
i have always looked forward to the arrival of the guangdong international consultative conference on economic and social development in 2003 , and to listening to and understanding your incisive views on guangdong 's economic and social development .
we are joyously gathering here today , which is a common goal : strengthening cooperation and exchanges , expanding the scope of development , adding vitality to guangdong 's economic and social development , and creating opportunities for the development of your cause .
china 's accession to the wto indicates that china 's opening up to the outside world has entered a new stage , and we are participating in international competition in a greater scope , in a wider scope , and at a higher level .
guangdong is the province with the highest export - oriented economy in the mainland , and has taken the lead in seeing unprecedented development opportunities and severe challenges .
against such a general background , we must tightly grasp new opportunities , meet new challenges , comprehensively enhance our international competitiveness , actively promote the process of modernization , strive to create a new situation in economic cooperation , and achieve mutually beneficial advantages , long - term cooperation , and common development .
the guangdong people are concentrating on building a well - off society in an all - round way and speeding up the modernization drive . this will create more opportunities and space for all friends .
guangdong 's economy , which is full of vigor and broad prospects , is advancing toward a new height with a strong posture .
a few days ago , the iraqi interim management committee and the us occupation authorities signed an agreement in baghdad , announcing a step - by - step move , and the timing of the transfer of power in iraq in june next year .
although the agreement was approved by the international community : although the eu foreign ministers ' meeting was welcomed , france held that " the process is too slow , " and the un secretary general annan said that the un 's role in iraq is " not yet mature , " and russia has simply raised doubts about the legitimacy of the agreement .
the iraqi people responded to the cold shoulder , and us public opinion even said that " this is a major gambling . "
in short , people are more of half a confidence and hold a look .
there is no reason for the international community to have misgivings .
it is because people can see that the united states is not willing to be reconciled to iraq . therefore , it is impossible for the political power to be handed over to the united states , and it is bound to leave many hints .
first of all , the interim interim interim government set up in may next year will not be elected by the iraqi people directly , but by the " interim national congress " elected by the 18 provincial - level elections committee .
this is difficult to avoid the us - controlled suspicion , and its legitimacy may be challenged .
second , the united states has announced that it will not withdraw from the us military after the transfer of power , but only turning the original " military occupation " into a " military presence . "
the us government announced on 18 november that it has decided to impose quotas on the three categories of textile products , namely , the needle of the chinese imports .
when china continues to make efforts to expand economic and trade cooperation between china and the united states , the us government 's trade protectionism measure cannot but cause people to regret .
as of today , economic globalization has developed to a new level of restrictions on china 's textile imports , it is extremely inappropriate for the united states to impose quotas on china .
first of all , such a move of abusing the " quota " has restricted the implementation of the principle of free trade of the world trade organization .
on the one hand , he talked about " free trade , " and on the other hand , he has often let it be known that the " quota " cold arrow can be used to build trade barriers , and this is not a matter of the overhauls and the loss of public agreement .
second , " quota " has restricted the good development momentum of sino - us economic and trade relations .
since china and the united states reached an agreement on china 's accession to the wto in 1999 , us exports to china have grown by an average annual rate of 15 percent .
from january to september this year , us exports to china increased by 26.2 percent over the same period last year .
in the past two years , the united states ' export of raw materials and manufactured goods to china has increased by a big margin .
in fact , today 's china has become the fastest growing country in the world in terms of exports to other countries .
bush 's visit to britain has not been able to achieve the goal , and there are many reasons for this . the main reason is that after the end of the cold war , the united states has become the only superpower in the world , and it does not place others in the eye and the expansion of unilateralism .
without un authorization , the united states does not respect the views of the main allies on major international issues , such as iraq 's reconstruction , and so on , and the united states has always been angry .
according to a recent public opinion poll released by the european commission , 68 percent of the eu citizens believed that the united states was not fully aware of the reasons for launching the iraq war , and 53 percent felt that the united states had posed a threat to world peace .
second , the united states stresses the need for its allies to fund anti - terrorism , but it does not care about the issues they are concerned about .
in regard to the iraqi reconstruction project , the united states , which is the main contract of the first tender , is not willing to be divided into its own companies , and the world trade organization has already made a decision on the issue of steel trade disputes , and the united states has imposed high tariffs on the united states , and the british industrial and commercial circles have expressed the hope that bush 's visit will make a concession .
third , the united states has regarded the values of its own country as the highest criterion and insisted on the democratic transformation of the middle east countries . some of its allies have demanded that the united states respect the culture and characteristics of the islamic countries , and believe that one of the reasons why the us military is in iraq 's deep quagmire is the " unrespected " result .
however , bush will not change to a new course because of widespread criticism and opposition , and during his visit , he once again defended his iraq policy , stressing that the us - british coalition forces will continue to adopt armed means to deal with violent incidents in iraq .
since bush did not want to visit britain this time , the situation in iraq would not be as good as the white house hoped .
after half a year of controversy , the advance team of the japanese self - defense forces finally went to iraq by the end of 2003 .
this was the first time japan dispatched troops to overseas battlefield since the end of world war ii .
it reflects the will of japan to move toward a political and military power , and also indicates that japan 's defense strategy has begun to change .
the reason why the self - defense forces have made this trip has attracted people 's attention is that it is not an isolated incident .
japan has made a breakthrough in the afghan war by taking advantage of the opportunity of the afghan war , and by taking advantage of the issue of the korean peninsula , it has adopted the " legal system , " and has laid down a precedent for the use of force and even the preemptive strikes for the sdf , and the koizumi cabinet has recently adopted the " basic plan for supporting iraq 's reconstruction , " and has made a start for sending troops to iraq .
this step has finally broken the restrictions imposed by japan 's peace constitution and achieved the goal of sending troops overseas .
in addition , japan is also preparing to revise the " basic defense forces concept " in 2004 so as to legalize the law on sending troops overseas , and to send a " permanent force " to overseas countries .
at the same time , the japanese cabinet meeting also made a decision on the deployment of the missile defense system in early 2004 , and introduced the us - made " standard - 3 " missiles and " patriot - 3 " missiles to intercept the atmosphere and return to the atmosphere .
it is not difficult to see that japan 's self - defense forces are developing in the direction of a regular army with " offensive and defensive capabilities , " and the so - called " self - defense force " seems to have the name of " special defense . "
the reason why japan 's action has attracted people 's attention is , first of all , that these military decisions are an impact on japan 's peace constitution .
after visiting the yasukuni shrine , koizumi granted an interview to japanese reporters and defended his action .
its word is self - contradictory and has been sealed up all the time .
a reporter asked why koizumi visited the yasukuni shrine and answered that " japan 's peace and prosperity are achieved on the basis of war victims .
my visit is to pray for peace and prosperity in japan . "
is it true that koizumi 's so - called " war victims " include hideki tojo and other class - a war criminals of world war ii ?
can it be said that japan has made a basic contribution to the peace and prosperity of the post - war criminals ?
a reporter asked why did you choose to visit the yasukuni shrine on 1 january ?
koizumi said that his visit to the shrine on the first day of the new year was japan 's tradition , and many people went to the shrine to pay homage on that day .
the ordinary people 's condolences to their relatives and friends are understood , and many of them are explicitly indicated that their visit to the yasukuni shrine is only to pay respects to their relatives and friends and to resolutely oppose the spirits of class - a war criminals .
the chinese people are talking about the truth , and we have always adhered to the principle of separating the japanese people from a small number of militarists , separating the ordinary people from the right - wing elements , and visiting the yasukuni shrine by ordinary people is not the crux of the historical issue .
unity is strength .
this is an indisputable truth .
to achieve the grand goal of building a well - off society in an all - round way and accomplishing the sacred cause of the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation , we must unite all forces that can be united .
the fundamental starting point and end - result of the work of the patriotic united front and the work of the cppcc in the new period of the new century must be taken as the fundamental starting point .
we should further uphold and improve the system of multiparty cooperation and political consultation under the leadership of the cpc , further consolidate and develop the patriotic united front , and fully mobilize all positive factors to the greatest extent , so as to continually add new forces to the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation .
in the past year , the cppcc has firmly grasped the two major themes of unity and democracy , conscientiously carried out various functions , and played an important role in promoting the overall situation of china 's economic and social development and safeguarding reform , development , and stability .
in the new year , we hope that the cppcc will closely focus on the central work of the party and the state , further do a good job in political consultation , democratic supervision , and participation in and discussion of state affairs , carry forward its fine tradition , give play to its own advantages , conduct in - depth investigation and study , and actively make new and greater contributions to building a well - off society in an all - round way .
from 4 to 6 january , the 12 th summit meeting of the south asian regional cooperation alliance ( south asian union ) , which was postponed for a whole year , was held in islamabad , and the meeting approved the " framework treaty on the free trade in south asia , " the " supplementary protocol for the south asian union to crack down on terrorism , " and other documents , and announced that all countries of the south asian union will work together in the economic , cultural , and anti - terrorism fields .
during the south - east european union summit , indian prime minister vajpayee and pakistani president pervez musharraf held a special meeting .
during the last summit , musharraf and vajpayee did not let people have too much expectations of the development of bilateral relations .
two years later , the two sides have adopted a series of major measures such as resuming normal diplomatic relations , the air - land transportation links , and the realization of a cease - fire in kashmir . the relations between india and pakistan have continued to ease and finally reached the highest level of the south - north summit .
in the course of improving bilateral relations , the two countries have again made a big step forward , and the south asian regional cooperation is ready to take a new turn for the better .
although indian foreign minister singh said on 4 april that the meeting was " a courtesy call " , people believe that the meeting means that the relations between india and pakistan will continue to move toward a more active and pragmatic direction .
the leaders of the two countries have realized that tension and confrontation are not in the interests of their own countries , but they have lost the opportunity for economic development once .
with the further development of economic globalization , strengthening cooperation and rejuvenating the economy has become an urgent task of the two governments .
although the result of the presidential election held by georgia on the 4 th has not been officially announced , the election of the right - wing political party , and the election of the national movement leader , the victory of the ruling party , has become the inevitable result .
the central election committee announced on the 7 th that more than 95 percent of the voters supported al - zarqawi in accordance with statistics on 89 percent of the votes .
some heads of state of the commonwealth of independent states also sent a congratulatory message to this young politician .
in fact , as early as the day of the election ended , samaranch announced that he had won .
he said that this was the result of the " victory of the people , " and indicated that georgia would take rapid action to create a new future .
in an interview with the news media , many voters said that the voting to the samdech would mean that they had chosen " new hope . "
even former president shevardnadze , who was forced to resign , expressed his support for this former political enemy , and praised him for " young , strong , and good education . "
while expressing his hopes for the shevardnadze , people also noticed that there was no major change in the situation in georgia in the past two months after shevardnadze 's resignation .
it can be said that the newly elected president will still face old problems .
the past year was an important and unusual year in the course of china 's development .
in the struggle against the sars epidemic , we have achieved a major victory in the current stage , and china 's economy has maintained a good development momentum , and the per capita gdp has reached a new level , and the " shenzhou 5 " manned space flight has been successfully accomplished , and the chinese nation 's flying dream has become a reality , and the people 's living standards have been further improved .
china 's achievements in all fields have attracted worldwide attention , and the people of the whole country have made tremendous efforts to this end , showing the courage and strength of fearing no difficulties and dangers and creating miracles .
looking forward to the new year , we are full of confidence and hope .
taking a general view of the international and domestic situation , our country is in the midst of an important strategic aircraft that must be tightly grasped and can be done .
we must persist in taking deng xiaoping theory and the important thinking of the " three represents " as the guide , comprehensively implement the spirit of the 16 th party congress and the third plenary session of the 16 th cpc central committee , conscientiously implement the central authorities ' basic principles and overall arrangements for this year 's work , and continue to push forward reform , opening up , and modernization .
in order to do a good job in this year 's work , we must correctly grasp the situation . we must not only see the favorable conditions and new opportunities , but also see the unfavorable conditions and new challenges , and enhance our sense of responsibility , urgency , and sense of urgency .
the three - party talks on the iraq issue were held at the un headquarters in new york on the 19 th , un secretary general annan and representatives of the iraqi interim governing council and the us - british coalition management authority discussed how the united nations could play a role in the reconstruction of iraq .
the talks involve iraq 's political , humanitarian , security , and appointment of un special representative to iraq , and the three parties exchanged views frankly .
it is a matter of course that the united states and britain are facing a critical juncture when they are boycotting the power transfer in iraq , and whether or not the united nations will intervene in iraq 's reconstruction .
since the united states announced in early may last year that the main war in iraq has ended , the iraqi situation has been plagued by continuous unrest , and the attacks against occupation have caused many casualties and a few days of peace in the us - british coalition forces .
former iraqi president saddam was arrested on 13 december last year , but the united states ' joy was not sustained , the security situation was not improving , and the intensification of the occupation authorities was in a predicament .
on the other hand , the iraqi people and the arab countries unanimously demanded the withdrawal of foreign forces and the withdrawal of the government in iraq , so that the iraqi people can manage their own country .
at the same time , the united states and britain are working hard to reshape the iraqi regime in accordance with their own will and gradually extricate themselves from the mortuary on this basis .
for this reason , the way and process of transfer of power have become the focus of the current iraq affairs .
the us and british management authorities and the iraqi interim governing council proposed in november last year that the interim iraqi interim government , which was formed before 1 july this year , will be elected by the " interim national assembly , " but the representatives attending the meeting will be " selected by the provincial - level election committee . "
and the shiite faction , which accounts for the majority of the iraqi population , stressed that in order to truly return to the government in iraq , it is necessary to hold direct universal suffrage across the country .
us secretary of state colin powell 's recent visit to russia is still a focus of public opinion .
on the one hand , this is because the united states and russia have a vital bearing on each other , and their mutual relations have a far - reaching impact on the world today .
more importantly , powell 's moscow visit has a substantive content , and has also conveyed a clear signal : the sky of russian - us relations has appeared in a dark clouds .
if these dark clouds are not dispersed in a timely manner , the prospects for the relations between the two countries may become diluted .
although the channel for dialogue between washington and moscow is very unimpeded , powell decided to wrote an article on russia 's " information source " which is quite influential .
in his article , powell pointed out : the united states is perplexed by a series of incidents in russia 's internal affairs and foreign affairs in recent months .
he held that the key elements of the russian political power have not yet been completely constrained by the law , and the development of press freedom and political party and other civil society are not firm enough .
russia 's policy in chechnya and its attitude toward the neighboring countries of the commonwealth of independent states are all the more worrying about the united states .
as far as diplomatic officials are concerned , using the mass media to openly express their views is the " final way " for communications .
the united states ' original intention to make this kind of choice is obvious . russia is embarrassed and not too fast .
after entering the new century , economic globalization has become a major and severe challenge facing african countries .
the leaders of african countries have more and more clearly realized that africa should not be able to seize the opportunity to seek countermeasures .
on 9 july 2002 , the african union was officially established and put into operation , and on the one hand , african countries have been actively implementing the " new partnership for african development , " striving to extricate themselves from the unfavorable situation in economic globalization as soon as possible , and on the other hand , they have made great efforts to solve the problem of the great cause of the rejuvenation of africa - - - - - - - - - - - - - to create an environment of unity , peace , and stability .
at present , the overall situation in africa has become more relaxed , the hot issue has been noticeably cooling down , and various countries have strengthened their sense of urgency to end armed conflicts .
with the great support of the united nations and the international community , the influential regional organizations , regional big powers , and well - known politicians in africa have taken active action to increase the intensity of resolving regional conflicts and eliminating internal chaos , and the conflict and turbulence that have been basically controlled for many years .
for example , in june last year , the congo ( kinshasa ) set up a government of national unity , and the west of the republic of congo ( the republic of congo ) in july , the government and the anti - government armed forces signed a peace agreement in the ghanaian capital of the republic of the republic of the congo , and the government and the anti-government armed forces in the southern part of the country began the peace process in kenya .
of course , the current situation of stability in the african region is still relatively weak , and the achievements of peace still need to be consolidated , and some potential or practical armed conflicts still need to be finally solved .
at the same time , there is still a great gap between the economic development speed of african countries and the developing countries in asia . all these are unfavorable factors for the development of africa .
how the african countries should effectively cope with the challenges of economic globalization and realize the dream of african rejuvenation still needs the african people to make long - term and arduous efforts .
recently , a number of highly pathogenic avian flu outbreaks have occurred in some parts of our country .
the party central committee and the state council have attached great importance to this and have made a series of major policy decisions , and have clearly put forward guiding principles and policy measures for the prevention and control of the work .
all localities and departments concerned have taken emergency actions to prevent the spread of the epidemic in accordance with the arrangements of the party central committee and the state council .
at present , the national anti - bird flu work is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
high - pathogenic avian flu is a kind of animal disease that is transmitted rapidly and endangered by a large number of animal diseases , seriously jeopardizing the production of animal husbandry , and seriously jeopardizing the health and safety of the masses .
it is necessary to do a good job in the prevention and control of the highly pathogenic avian influenza and the safety of the masses , the development of agriculture and the increase of peasants ' income , the overall situation of economic development , social stability , and various localities and departments should take the important thinking of the " three represents " as the guide , strengthen leadership , closely cooperate with the people 's republic of china on the prevention and control of animal diseases , and resolutely prevent and control the mass war .
as the largest debtor country in the world , the amount of us foreign debts has also increased .
the total amount of debts owed by foreign creditors in the united states amounted to 64.94 trillion dollars by the end of september last year , a 2.2 percent higher than the previous figures .
on average , each american is responsible for the amount of foreign debts of over us $ 20,000 .
it is a trickery that the international monetary fund ( imf ) issued a research report last week , which has sharply sounded the alarm for the us financial base , and pointed out that the us foreign debt , which has been continually breaking through the record , has reached the level of threatening global financial stability .
statistics show that foreign private investors control over 40 percent of us government bonds .
this is not something that can be said to be the first half of the 20 th century , and the measures that the united states has made to the president , namely , the adoption of a deficit policy to stimulate the economy within the country , while the financial loss is to be resolved through foreign debt .
this move played an important role in stimulating the " effective demand " so as to help the rok tide over the economic crisis .
however , people have noticed that many us administrations have been inclined to use this as a " panacea . "
however , since president reagan initiated a tax reduction and expansion in the 1980 s , the us financial deficit has gradually increased and eventually become the biggest debtor country .
the first round of six - party talks is an important step forward in the process of peaceful settlement of the nuclear issue on the korean peninsula .
some common points formed during the talks have laid a necessary foundation for the talks to continue , and have further clarified the objectives , ways , and principles for resolving the nuclear issue on the korean peninsula .
in the past few months , all parties concerned have adhered to the peaceful settlement of the nuclear issue on the peninsula through dialogue and have conducted extensive coordination at various levels on the basis of the results of the first round of six - party talks , and made unremitting efforts to hold the second round of talks as soon as possible .
at the same time , the dprk and the united states have also further demonstrated their flexibility to varying degrees .
at present , important progress has been made in the preparatory work for the talks , and the success of the talks is what the people are concerned about .
the results of the second round of six - party talks and whether or not the peace talks can be maintained have been widely watched by all parties concerned and the international community .
in this regard , a spokesman for the chinese ministry of foreign affairs said that the goal of the six - party talks is to maintain and promote the process of peaceful settlement of the issue , and we are willing to make joint efforts with all parties concerned .
the chinese side 's basic starting point is to safeguard peace and stability on the korean peninsula and realize a nuclear - free peninsula .
the chinese side holds that so long as all parties participating in the peace talks show sincerity , respect for each other , and hold consultations on an equal footing , they will be able to create favorable conditions for the settlement of relevant issues .
at the end of the 1970 's , relations between the two countries worsened and broke off in 1981 .
us president reagan listed a long - term crime on the philippine side , such as accusing him of secretly developing nuclear weapons , carrying out military intervention and terrorism .
the two sides have engaged in a war , and the united states has launched two surgical air raids on the " grassland agni " and " golden gap " .
since then , the united states has imposed economic sanctions on the benefit of the country , carried out political strikes , and checked and threatened militarily in the diplomatic field .
al - qadhafi , which was under heavy pressure , was not brought to light .
at the moment , the relationship between murray and garden has been warm , and some people are completely attributable to the deterrent effect of the iraq war , which seems to be quite biased .
as a matter of fact , for many years , the unique personality of the philippines has been struggling with the united states , and on the other hand , it has been dished out an olive branch to the united states , but it is a pity that it has not been responded .
after the iraq war ended , all parties in the middle east readjusted their strategies and regional forces , thus providing an opportunity for the restoration of murray building .
as far as qadhafi is concerned , it can put an end to sanctions , invigorate the economy , improve the people 's livelihood , and get rid of its isolation and integrate into the international community .
if we give up those things that have not yet been achieved and cannot be achieved for a time , we can change the new environment of a village and a new environment .
from february 7 to 8 , political figures from europe , the united states , and other parts of the world gathered in munich to attend the 40 th munich security policy conference .
the so - called " munich security policy conference " is an international security forum , which was established by non - german officials and funded by the german government . in recent years , in particular , after the " 911 " incident , people have paid more and more attention to the " davos forum " in the security field .
an important topic of the conference is cross - atlantic relations .
the remarks made by the political leaders of europe and the united states at the meeting showed that the two sides are working hard to extricate themselves from the shadow of the iraq war and to return to the track of cooperation .
the director of the berlin international and security affairs research institute , the berlin international and security affairs institute , said that this is a meeting of the european union and the united states , and both sides have the wish to reintegrate into each other .
as far as the relations between europe and the united states are concerned , the new information of the meeting is that the eu and the united states need to carry out dialogue , and it is necessary to seriously consider the common tasks facing both sides and find the convergence of the interests needed to fulfill these common tasks .
compared with last year 's meeting , the smell of gunpowder caused by the meeting this year has disappeared , and the positions of the two sides are close .
although the " old europe " represented by france and germany is still brooding on the us launch of the iraq war , they said that they would " look forward to the dprk . "
german foreign minister fischer said at the meeting : " although we have different views on war , we must work together to ensure peace in iraq after the war , and we must look forward to it .
he also said that although germany will not send troops to iraq , germany will not obstruct nato from playing a direct role in iraq .
the united states , which took the lead in the modern media field , has monopolized a large number of international news media , and its media propaganda has already spread to the whole world , and it has been in an all - round way . why is it still necessary to set up a satellite television station in 22 countries in the middle east to cover a huge amount of money ?
in the words of the responsible person of the " freedom one " tv station , it is necessary to provide a " comprehensive and fair " news platform for arab countries .
some analysts pointed out , however , that the " freedom one " will be a strategic weapon for the united states to carry out the infiltration of public opinion , cultural aggression , and the attack of the arab countries , and is an important tool for the united states to promote the integration of the middle east and the transformation of the islamic world policy .
it is evident from this that the " freedom no . 1 " mission is not all the way , and there are three main elements in the selection of the " freedom concept . " first , it is necessary to disseminate the " free concept . "
the united states holds that islamic civilization is a serious obstacle to the promotion of modern civilization in the west , and the extremist religious forces in the middle east are the hotbed of international terrorism , which is the main feature of anti - us , and to effectively fight terrorism , it is necessary to carry out the transformation of the islamic world , so that it will recognize and accept the values , the way of life , and political system of the west .
the united states is trying to divert its influence through the " freedom one " program and instill its ideology to arabs .
the second is to improve the us image .
the united states has pursued unilateralism and has acted in its own way , and the united states has acted in a hegemonic way on a series of international issues , and its hegemonic behavior has made the arab countries and the islamic world .
after the " 911 " incident , the contradiction between the united states and the islamic world , which has always been biased toward israel , has become increasingly acute .
the united states has been strongly opposed by the use of force to eliminate the name of weapons of mass destruction and anti - terrorism , and this has caused strong resentment among the muslims .
pakistani and indian officials held talks in islamabad from 16 to 18 february , hoping that peace will again rise in the south asian continent .
the agenda and mode of the future talks have been decided by the two countries ' officials , and the establishment of a mechanism for the continued dialogue is an indication of the resumption of the process of the dialogue between the two countries after two years , which has laid a foundation for the gradual settlement of all the remaining issues , including the kashmir dispute , and has embodied the valuable sincerity of the two sides .
before the talks , although the relations between the two countries have been permeated with a series of goodwill moves made by the two sides , most analysts still have a cautious attitude toward the prospects of the peace process .
this is no wonder that looking back at the urgent situation of the relations between pakistan and india over the past few years , it seems that nobody can guarantee : today 's sunshine on the negotiation table will not turn into a sparse of electric shock on the border .
however , on the 18 th , the two countries ' statement , which was read with a smile by the pakistani state secretary of state for foreign affairs , made the optimistic mood of the two countries , and made many people who have been concerned about the situation in south asia .
first of all , the timetable for the talks is very operable , and the two sides have not only clearly defined the time and agenda of the talks , but also stipulated the different levels of talks in accordance with the importance of the discussion .
second , the two sides have drawn lessons from the direct dialogue between the leaders of the two countries , which resulted in the failure of the talks in july 2001 , and adopted a " step - by - step " way of dialogue so that the level of the talks can be carried out from a low level to a high level , so as to make full preparations for the high - level dialogue .
third , after the two countries experienced several twists and turns in bilateral relations , they unanimously said that war is not a good way to resolve disputes , and that the two sides should be far away from war , and this consensus has laid a foundation for the understanding of the leaders of the two countries to reach a " forever no longer war . "
to comprehensively and accurately understand and implement the principle of " one country , two systems , " it is necessary to integrate " one country , two systems " with " love for hong kong , " and integrate respect for hong kong 's high degree of autonomy with safeguarding the sovereignty of the country , and integrate the maintenance of hong kong 's capitalism with the adherence of the main body of the state .
only in this way can we effectively safeguard the well - being of the hong kong compatriots and the long - term interests of the state and the entire people .
since hong kong 's return to the motherland , the central government has unswervingly implemented the principle of " one country , two systems " and acted strictly in accordance with the basic law .
the broad masses of hong kong compatriots enjoy unprecedented democratic rights as masters of our country .
with the strong support of the central government and the mainland of the motherland , hong kong has overcome various risks and challenges , such as the impact of the asian financial crisis , and continued to maintain its status as an international financial , trade , and shipping center .
practice has proven that the principle of " one country , two systems " has strong vitality .
today , the publication of comrade deng xiaoping 's speech 20 years ago has once again declared to the world the firm determination of the central authorities to implement the principle of " one country , two systems , " and is more aimed at allowing everyone to comprehensively and accurately understand the " one country , two systems " principle and constantly push forward the great practice of " one country , two systems . "
today , the party central committee and the state council held a grand meeting to commend the state for science and technology .
president hu jintao presented awards to liu dongsheng and wang yongzhi , who won the top national science and technology award for 2003 .
in order to receive the national scientific and technological progress award and the " china manned spaceflight project " project and the national natural science award 2003 , the national technological invention award , and the national scientific and technological progress award .
on behalf of the party central committee and the state council , i would like to extend warm congratulations to all the recipients !
i would like to extend my sincere regards and lofty respect to scientists and technicians on all fronts in the country !
for china in the first 20 years of this century , it is an important strategic aircraft that must be tightly grasped and able to make great achievements .
we must concentrate our efforts on comprehensively building a better - off society with a population of more than 1 billion .
it is necessary to make good use of this strategic opportunity and strive to do something in order to put the development of science and technology in an even more important and more prominent position .
after the " 911 " incident , us president bush dished out the " preemptive " strategy in june 2002 and put it into practice in us foreign relations , and launched the first " preemptive " war in iraq in march last year .
the " preemptive " concept has not only run counter to the norms of international law with " mutual respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity " as the core , but has also inevitably led to a dangerous effect of mass action , and a new situation of unrest in the international order will arise .
at the beginning of the " preemptive " theory , some us political figures put forward such a question : " if other countries follow the example of what they should do ? "
as a result , in the past two years , more and more countries have claimed to be " preemptive " and the " preemptive " contingent has been expanded .
this is a new trend worth paying attention to and studying .
in the same month when bush put forward his " preemptive " strategy , australian prime minister howard took the first stop to express his support .
he said : once the terrorists are required to attack australia 's reliable intelligence , australia will adopt a " preemptive " strategy and will not hesitate to take military action in neighboring countries .
he even suggested that the " preemptive " principle be written into the united nations charter , and that it is necessary to amend the un charter , so as to give the " preemptive " rights to various countries to crack down on terrorists or countries that support terrorist activities .
in the northeast asian region , the japanese defense agency proposed in its " defense white paper " published in july 1999 that japan can launch a " preemptive strikes " against foreign bases before it is facing missile attacks or military invasion .
after the iraq war , the call for japan 's " preemptive " strategy was even more vociferous .
recently , international public opinion has made many comments on the current us policy on africa .
the " foreign policy focus " published by the united states in january this year published the article , entitled " the prospects of the african policy in 2004 , " saying that in the past year , the bush administration 's foreign policy has directly or indirectly brought about a negative impact on africa . in particular , due to the united states ' all - out attention to the anti - terrorism war and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , particularly the united states has been extremely scattered in iraq .
people still remember that in order to show concern for africa , the bush administration formulated a " presidential emergency plan for the treatment of aids " in january last year , and promised to provide at least 3 billion us dollars a year for africa .
in july last year , president bush visited five african countries , including senegal , south africa , botswana , uganda , and nigeria , and promised to provide 15 billion us dollars for the prevention and treatment of aids in african countries , while the other 100 million us dollars were used to crack down on terrorist activities in africa , and announced the food emergency aid program and education aid program .
these aid programs were once welcomed by african countries and have won many praise internationally .
however , one year has passed , and the united states has failed to take concrete action for a long time .
africa urgently needs help .
after entering the new century , africa is faced with all kinds of development challenges . in order to achieve the " development goals of the century " set by the united nations in 2000 , it has worked hard to reduce hunger and poverty , promote health and education , and has set up a " african union " in the continent , which is aimed at promoting the development of all countries . however , due to the weak economic foundation and the lack of capital for development .
the united nations has repeatedly urged developed countries to use 0.7 percent of their gross domestic product to provide official aid to the least developed countries .
however , us official aid accounted for only 0.1 percent of its gross domestic product , far short of the united nations ' demand , and the last of its kind in the list of donations .
recently , european public opinion has been discussing a hot topic : whether the " three magnates " meeting between german chancellor schroeder , french president jacques chirac , and british prime minister blair is gradually moving toward maturity .
public opinion has described the " three magnates " of germany and britain as the " new three pillars " of the european union , and the three countries ' relations are called the " new triangle . "
the " new pearl river delta " is a new thing , and it will be seen from what angle , but judging from the overall perspective , the " new triangle " will be conducive to the process of european integration and will be conducive to europe 's role as an important international arena in the multipolarization world .
taking a general look at the history of europe over the past 100 years , one of the basic characteristics of the relationship between germany and britain is that the united kingdom and france are united , restricted , and resisted germany .
it was proven by both world war ii .
during the cold war , two eastern and western germany were besieged with china and nato respectively .
after the end of the cold war , germany has become more powerful , and the pattern of strength in west europe has become imbalanced , and france has become more doubtful . as a result , the " heart of the german law " has been in operation for a time , and this has made the uk and france close again , and its intention is still to contain germany .
however , in recent years , with the relaunch of the " core of germany , " as well as the fierce collisions of the world 's single - polarization and multi - polarization of the world , the eu has been seriously split in the iraq issue .
the " old europe " represented by germany and france is entirely the same as the " new europe " represented by britain and poland .
this splittism is also at the time when the eu is about to carry out its largest - scale expansion in history .
egyptian president mubarak made a speech on the reform of the arab countries in cairo a few days ago , criticizing the outside world for practicing a single reform model to arab countries , and warned that such an attempt would only be in the interest of the middle east and would not be good for the security and stability of the middle east .
he held that reform measures should be carried out in line with their own characteristics , and that a single reform model has ignored the cultural background , social customs , and religious characteristics of different countries .
at the same time , he pointed out , the arab countries welcome foreign assistance in the course of reform , but such efforts should be made to clearly understand the different national conditions and respect the wishes of various countries , so as to promote the process of reform in the political , economic , and cultural fields .
egyptian leaders ' remarks represent the common views of arab countries .
at present , under the pressure of anti - terrorism , non - proliferation , and democratic reform , the middle east , as one of the world 's hot spots , is now considering new turbulence and will lead to new integration .
how can iraq carry out political reconstruction after the afghan and iraq war , which was regarded by the united states as one of the " evil axis " ?
how will the various political , social , and social models in the middle east region evolve ?
this is not only the concern of the arab world and the international community , but also the interest of the united states and its western allies .
us secretary of state powell reiterated on 9 may that the united states would pursue the " western model of democracy and capitalism " in iraq and the middle east .
he also stressed : " we are considering what we can do and how we can put these systems into practice . "
last year , it was the " year of culture and education " set by the international olympic committee .
taking advantage of this favorable opportunity , the beijing organizing committee has held a series of educational activities to disseminate advanced culture and popularize olympic knowledge .
among them , the " study of olympic knowledge for secondary school students " , which mainly consists of young people , is a very important achievement .
this reader , which is also a fictitious and vivid introduction of the knowledge and olympic spirit of the olympic movement , is a good teaching material that will help young students enhance their understanding of the olympic movement and help them improve their enthusiasm for participating in the olympic games .
last year , the beijing organizing committee also specially designed the models for young students to produce renewable paper and bear the beijing olympic games logo .
the concept of " green olympic games " is to prepare for and host the olympic games with a view to protecting the environment and protecting the ecological balance .
we hope that these models can act like the regulations , standardize the conduct of young students , and make them gradually become the practice promoters and promoters of the " green olympic " concept .
education is one of the core contents of the olympic movement , and is also an important embodiment of the " humanities olympic games . "
the true purpose of the olympic movement is to educate young people from a new angle and in a new way , promote the healthy and healthy development of young people , and make contributions to the establishment of a peaceful and beautiful world .
therefore , the combination of sports and education has not only opened up new worlds for the development of education , but also made the olympic movement more of educational significance .
the " green olympic games " are one of the three major ideas for beijing to host the 2008 olympic games .
the core content is to greatly improve the environmental quality of the capital , create a beautiful environment and build an ecological city for the olympic games .
to this end , it is necessary to extensively adopt environmental protection technology and means , promote environmental control , urban and rural greening , and develop environmental protection industries , and constantly enhance the awareness of the whole society on environmental protection and encourage the public to actively participate in various activities to improve the ecological environment .
doing a good job in implementing the " green olympic games " is an important task for us to adhere to the principle of taking people as the foundation , establish a comprehensive , coordinated , and sustainable scientific concept of development , and promote comprehensive , coordinated , and sustainable economic and social development in beijing .
we must attach great importance to this .
in order to achieve the goals of the green olympic games , beijing has formulated the " olympic action plan " and the " plan for ecological and environmental protection " on the basis of the " 10th five - year plan " and the " plan for the protection of the environment , " and has formulated new objectives and plans for environmental construction and protection in the next few years .
it will comprehensively realize the goal of holding a green olympic games through a planned and systematic implementation .
on 25 february , the us state department issued the " country report on human rights in 2003 , " and once again made a statement on the human rights situation in more than 190 countries and regions , including china , and the united states is totally a " teacher " , and the human rights situation in many countries is not good , and the human rights situation in the united states has not reached the standards , and some other countries have gone backward in the key areas of human rights .
of course , there are still countries with great improvement in human rights conditions , such as afghanistan and iraq , but this is the " meritorious service " of the us armed forces to overthrow the former regime and " liberation " .
what is the human rights situation in the united states ?
like in previous years , the report was part of gold and did not make any remark .
on 1 march , the information office of the state council published the " us human rights record in 2003 " and made up for the inadequacies in the us human rights report .
the article , based on a large number of facts , gave a briefing on the problems in human rights in the united states and the violation of human rights in other countries by the united states .
in the history of americans , they have the tradition of stressing integrity and have the tradition of making mistakes .
it is known to all that the story of george w. bush is a vivid example that he is chasing the cherry tree when he was small .
now that the united states has become the only superpower in the world , it does not speak the truth .
recently , reports of the mainstream media in japan on china 's economic development have undergone a quiet change .
on the contrary to the " china threat theory " in the past , many reports in japan have begun to believe that china 's economic development has promoted the recovery of the japanese economy , and china 's vigorous market demand has become an important driving force for japan 's economic development .
the us " news weekly " also recently published an article saying that the rise of china is an opportunity rather than a threat to other countries , especially neighboring countries .
the widely spread " china threat theory " is being replaced by the " china opportunity theory . "
the " china threat theory " asserts that china 's development will pose a threat to other countries , especially its neighboring countries .
however , the assertion that is intended to stir up trouble has not been accepted by china 's neighboring countries .
former malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamad once said that " asian countries are not afraid of china 's growing military and economic strength , because china has no tradition of conquering foreign countries . "
in its long - term plan , the indian defense ministry also held that china has no military threat to india .
in the economic and trade field , the governments and enterprises of all countries have regarded china as the best choice for developing the market , and overseas investors with a strategic vision have been firmly using action to write the " china opportunities theory " : in the world 's 500 enterprises , more than 400 of the world 's top 500 enterprises have come to invest in china .
for several years running , china has attracted foreign capital in the forefront of the world .
gld is an important macroeconomic indicator of the world 's general motors .
it is of great importance to maintain dots in the entire process of modernization in our country .
from the current growth rate of gongs and drums , we can correspondingly stimulate more than 8 million people 's employment , and we must maintain the momentum of rapid economic growth .
to comprehensively build a well - off society and the realization of the third - step strategic goal of modernization , we must , to a great extent , rely on ghazy 's sustained and rapid growth .
however , we should see that there are also defects in the dots index .
for instance , it is not easy to accurately reflect the quality and structure of economic growth , and it is not easy to reflect people 's actual social welfare level , nor can it accurately judge social distribution and social justice .
on the other hand , gdol is not the only one .
we are not simply looking at the growth of ghazy , but also the reality of the masses ' material and cultural life . we should see the employment situation , social security , and even social order , social management , and social harmony .
therefore , we must treat the existing ghazy accounting system with a scientific spirit , a scientific attitude , and a scientific way of thinking , and put it in a position in the overall economic and social development .
it is necessary to maintain a certain growth rate , and it is not necessary to pay too much attention to it , still less to one - sided and deliberately pursue it .
since the visit to six west africa by the un security council delegation at the end of june last year , although the situation in individual countries has been repeatedly occurring , encouraging changes have taken place in the overall situation in the region .
we are pleased to note that the sierra leone government is making positive progress in enhancing the capability of the armed forces and the police in sierra leone , strengthening the control of diamonds in our country , and in organizing local government elections , and the un special mission in sierra leone is also gradually reducing the scale in accordance with the established plan .
similarly , what is gratifying is that with the deployment of the un special mission to benefit , liberia is gradually getting rid of the influence of a long - term war and has begun to embark on the road of reviving and reconstructing the country .
the guinean government has made positive progress in the political process and the interim government has promised to hold a legislative election in march this year .
the peace process in cote d'ivoire has taken a turn for the better after a number of setbacks , and the various parties have promised to carry out the " egana - mayoral agreement " and the " new army " has declared the return to the national reconciliation government , and the security council is studying the issue of the plan to send peacekeeping forces to the country .
we expect the security council to make a decision as soon as possible .
the secretariat , west africa , and various parties concerned have also worked hard to solve the cross - border problems such as small - scale weapons , employment of munitions , and children 's military , and have achieved positive results .
when fully affirming the above progress , we should see that the overall situation in the west african region is still fragile , and in particular , due to the geographical and historical reasons , various countries in the region have close ties , the situation has been affected , and the turbulence of a country will often affect the neighboring countries and even the whole region .
therefore , as suggested in the security council report , the international community , including the security council , must persist in adopting a comprehensive and comprehensive strategy to solve the problem of west africa , and make great efforts to resolve the cross - border problems . at the same time , it is necessary to actively help the relevant countries , the african union , the west african union , and other regional and sub - regional organizations , and strengthen their ability to prevent and resolve conflicts .
we share a common understanding that children are the future of the world .
we have the obligation to create the best and most suitable conditions for them so that they can live and learn so as to help them grow , mature , and successful .
however , it is regrettable that in the contemporary world , tens of thousands of children have suffered from armed conflicts .
what they have experienced are turmoil and backwardness , and what they see is violence and damage , and what they have suffered from the damage and abuse , and what they feel is sad and unhelpful .
therefore , protecting children from armed conflicts is an important duty of the international community .
all countries , especially the parties concerned , should make the greatest efforts to this end .
we are pleased to see that in recent years , the united nations has adopted a series of measures to promote the protection of children in the armed conflict and has achieved positive results .
the security council has adopted four resolutions , including 1,261 ( 1999 ) , 1314 ( 2000 ) , 1379 ( 2001 ) , and 1460 ( 2003 ) , providing an important framework for the protection of children .
the un 's regional peacekeeping operations in some areas have regarded the protection of children as an important task , including the appointment of children 's protection adviser , and the full consideration of the special needs of children in the process of helping the countries in the country to carry out the disarmament , restoration of the personnel , and return to the social program .
some peace agreements reached through the united nations have also included provisions on the protection of children .
national reconciliation is an important condition for the establishment of lasting peace and stability in the post - conflict region .
after the conflict has been suspended , if the parties concerned cannot give up their old grudges and solve the old grudges , it will be difficult to really consolidate the peace situation and even the fire of conflict may be ignited again .
under many circumstances , the realization of national reconciliation after the conflict requires the joint efforts of all parties concerned , and at the same time , the support and assistance of the international community , especially the united nations .
for many years , the united nations has played a useful role in promoting the process of national reconciliation after the conflict , and has accumulated a lot of experience . we believe that , on the whole , it is necessary to successfully help the country achieve national reconciliation after the conflict and the united nations must properly handle the following three major relations :
it is necessary to take into account the relationship between the needs and the long - term objectives .
it is usually necessary to undergo a certain process of national reconciliation , and it is very difficult to go through once and for all .
there should be different focuses in different stages .
to promote national reconciliation , it is first necessary to let the former combat personnel " bid farewell to weapons " and create a safe environment .
at this stage , it is very important to strive to realize the dissolution of the former fighting personnel , and to return to society .
we are pleased to see that the situation in bosnia is becoming more stable , the relations between various nationalities have been further relaxed , the initial results of economic reconstruction have been achieved , the return of refugees to the country has been basically completed , and the relations between the two countries have been improving .
it is gratifying that the progress made in the peace process in bosnia - herzegovina has been hard - won .
we would like to extend our congratulations to the bosnian government and people , and sincerely hope that all parties in bosnia will continue to make efforts to further strengthen mutual trust and cooperation and continue to push forward the peace process .
at the same time , we have also noticed that the building of state - level organizations and capacity building in bosnia - herzegovina remains to be further improved , and in particular , the reform in the judicial and police fields is still facing challenges .
we believe that the high - level representatives will take this as a priority in their work in the first half of this year , and we support the work of the bosnian government in actively coordinating with the high - level representatives .
it is believed that with the help of the international community , the bosnia - herzegovina people will continue to make new achievements in their journey to build their own country , take the road of self - development at an early date , and achieve the goal of integration into europe .
the peace and stability of bosnia - herzegovina are of great significance to the realization of lasting peace and development in the region .
the chinese side has always paid close attention to the development of the situation in bosnia - herzegovina and will continue to work with the international community to make its own contributions to the realization of a long - term peace and stability and economic development in bosnia - herzegovina .
china appreciates the efforts made by the anti - terrorism committee to promote the implementation of the resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) and to strengthen the building of the anti - terrorism capability of developing countries , and to support the anti - terrorism committee to strengthen coordination and cooperation with relevant international , regional , and sub - regional organizations in the international anti - terrorism struggle .
at the same time , we hope that the anti - terrorism committee will intensify its efforts to help terrorism and strive to meet the actual needs of developing countries .
at present , the issue of rejuvenating the anti - terrorism committee has aroused the concern of the vast number of member states .
after repeated consultations , the anti - terrorism committee put forward a formal report and distributed it as a document of the security council .
through more than two years of practice , the existing structure and mode of operation of the anti - terrorism committee has indeed shown insufficient , such as the heavy burden of the member states ' report , the excessive number of meetings and documents , and the improvement of work results , and the lack of coordination among experts .
therefore , we fully support the necessary reform of the anti - terrorism committee , and we agree with the package of proposals put forward in the report on the establishment of the anti - terrorism committee , and we hope to resolve the existing problems as soon as possible , especially the problem of the heavy burden on the vast number of member states .
here , i would like to stress that the process of rejuvenating and reforming the anti - terrorism committee is a constant process , and the anti - terrorism committee should maintain policy guidance and guidance , and any decision - making should be made by the plenary session of the anti - terrorism committee .
in recent years , the issue of small weapons has been closely watched by the international community .
this shows that all sides have become more and more aware of the harm caused by the excessive accumulation of small weapons and the illegal trafficking of weapons to the stability of the relevant regions and countries , the post - war reconstruction , and the social development .
it is fortunate that the united nations has taken a series of effective measures to solve this problem .
in 2001 , the " united nations convention on cracking down on transnational organized crime " and the " program of action " of the united nations were successively reached .
this has provided a legal and policy basis for the proper settlement of the issue of small weapons , which indicates the determination of the international community to crack down on illegal trade of small weapons .
in the past three years , the international community has made great progress in promoting the implementation of the " firearms protocol " and implementing the " program of action , " and in particular , the successful convocation of the first annual meeting of the united nations ' first small weapons in 2003 has provided a new impetus to the continued comprehensive and practical implementation of the " program of action . "
the resolution 58 / 241 adopted by the current session of the un general assembly decided to set up a working group to identify and investigate the international instruments of illegal weapons , and this will undoubtedly further promote the efforts of the international community to crack down on the illegal trade of small weapons .
similarly , the security council has also paid more and more attention to the issue of small weapons , and has conducted special examination and approval on many occasions , and has passed the relevant chairman 's statement and resolution .
in addition , the security council stressed the importance of dealing with a series of issues , such as protecting civilians , women , and children in conflict .
developing the economy and eliminating poverty are the basic premise for achieving sustainable development .
sustainable economic development is the material foundation for environmental protection and comprehensive social progress .
without solving the problem of survival , we cannot talk about development , and still less can we talk about sustainable development .
promoting economic development and striving to eliminate poverty is the only way for developing countries to move toward sustainable development .
if we do not solve the problem of poverty in developing countries , the development of developed countries can hardly be sustained .
rationally using resources and protecting the environment is an inevitable requirement for achieving sustainable development .
it is impossible to carry out development at the cost of wasting resources and sacrificing the environment .
the natural resources have not been ignored , and the demand for human society 's development has continued to grow , and if the relations between the two sides are not properly handled , this will inevitably lead to the deterioration of the ecological environment and seriously threaten the survival and development of mankind .
only by following the road of recycling the economy based on the most effective use of resources and environmental protection can we achieve sustainable development .
realizing all - round social progress and improving the people 's living standards and quality is the ultimate goal of sustainable development .
one year ago , the ninth informal meeting of apec leaders was held on the bank of the huangpo river in shanghai , and the situation at that time was still fresh .
today , we gather in the other side of the pacific ocean 's beautiful scenery , and discuss the asia - pacific economic cooperation .
i am very happy to meet my old friend .
i would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt thanks to president fox for his kind invitation and the mexican government 's careful arrangements .
over the past year , the trend of economic globalization has continued to develop , science and technology have been making rapid progress , and this has brought new development opportunities to all countries .
at the same time , the uncertainties in the global economic development have increased , including some countries and regions related to apec members , facing new challenges in the course of economic development .
trade protectionism has been gaining ground again , and the task of achieving free , fair , and fair trade remains arduous in the long run .
the struggle against terrorism is arduous and complex , and non - traditional security factors have increased somewhat .
our world is still far from tranquil .
although the international community is still facing such a problem in the future , it may also have such an unexpected problem in the future , the trend of the times of peace and development is irreversible , and the wishes of the people of all countries to pursue a beautiful life are not changed .
this dialogue was of great significance with development as the main theme .
development is the foundation for the progress of human civilization and the key to solving all kinds of contradictions and problems facing the world .
only by realizing global coordination , balanced and universal development can we realize lasting peace and stability in the world .
we should discuss this issue in a comprehensive and in - depth manner and work with concerted efforts to solve this problem .
the accelerated development of the trend of economic globalization has become one of the most prominent characteristics of the world economy today .
with the promotion of the trend of economic globalization , various countries and regions are becoming closer and closer , the market is more open , and the flow of funds , technology , and talent has become more extensive and rapid . all this has brought an unprecedented opportunity for strengthening international cooperation and promoting common development .
at the same time , the development of the trend of economic globalization has also brought severe challenges , the south - north gap has widened , and some developing countries are facing the danger of being further marginalized , the economic and financial risks have increased , and the transnational crimes have been serious . all this has increased the urgency of international cooperation and the common challenge .
at this moment when opportunities and challenges coexist , we should seize the opportunity , meet the challenges , seek common ground while reserving differences , expand cooperation , and promote economic globalization to bring about common development and prosperity .
( international ) us flu virus spreading peak
xinhua news agency report of december 31 from los angeles ( by staff reporter yan liang ) - the us centers for disease control and prevention said on the 31 st that the united states has reached a peak for more than 30 years , with 45 of the 50 states in the united states , the number of cases of influenza in the region has increased rapidly .
according to statistics released by the center on december 20 , the number of deaths caused by influenza in the united states has reached a record of 7.8% of all deaths in the same period .
at least 42 children died of influenza in the united states , and the number of adult deaths has also increased rapidly , but at present it is still not yet accurate .
experts believe that there are two reasons for the serious spread of influenza in 2003 : first , the influenza virus is not a " panama - type " virus , which is not a popular flu virus in previous years . second , the united states has been unable to effectively prevent the flu virus , and the two major suppliers have reduced the output to 83 million vaccines this year .
although about 60,000 people died of influenza every year in the united states , 1.14 million people were admitted in hospital for influenza , such as the flu has led to a certain degree of social panic .
the us epidemiologist williams said that this flu was the most serious in the past 30 years , and that the flu was even greater than in previous years , and the flu was spread in many schools , and many of the places where the flu vaccines were vaccinated .
in the face of such a grim situation , the us health department launched an emergency handling center on 19 december and sent medical experts teams to various states .
three killed in traffic accident in zhejiang
xinhua news agency , hangzhou , january 1 , an extraordinarily serious traffic accident occurred in the early morning of the 1 st in the ningbo county of zhejiang province .
as a result , three people in the car were killed and four injured in a car accident , which was full of dense fog in the air .
at about 2 : 00 am on the 1 st , the driver was driving a red - colored taxi , which was a red flag , from linhai to ningbo , and carrying six passengers on the vehicle .
at that time , it was very foggy , and the view was not clear .
when the two - way passageway were travelling to the two - way passageway , the taxi and a large lorry collided with a total of 3,378 km of the same direction .
it was learned that at that time , the large goods vehicle entered the main lane of the lane , but the taxi was not allowed to avoid the collision , and the vehicle was seriously deformed , and three of the seven people , including the driver , were killed .
after the accident occurred , the traffic police department of zhejiang province promptly issued a circular urging the traffic police department of the whole province to take immediate measures to strengthen traffic management under bad weather conditions , prevent vehicle overload and speeding up the accident , and ensure the safety of road traffic during the spring festival .
( international ) 14 survivors of iran earthquake have been rescued
xinhua news agency , tehran , january 1 , iranian national radio said on the 1 st that the iranian search and rescue workers on the 31 st and the 1 st found 14 survivors .
the staff of the iranian red crescent society rescued a young shop owner from the counter on the 1 st , said : " we have saved at least one life .
i 've been to the battlefield and experienced many tests , but i have never been so happy . "
iranian national radio said the search and rescue workers also rescued a nine - year - old girl and a pregnant woman from the housing ruins on the same day .
their physical condition is very weak .
a total of 11 survivors , including a four - month - old baby and a 80 - year - old woman , were found on the 31 st .
however , rescue personnel believe that with the passage of time , the chances of the survivors are very slim .
according to statistics , about 280,000 dead bodies have been found at the site of the earthquake and some of the dead bodies have been buried .
in addition , they rescued 2,000 survivors from the ruins of the ruins , and most of them were discovered the following day after the earthquake occurred .
according to the latest information from the earthquake - hit areas and other channels , the number of people killed in the quake is expected to increase to 340,000 , the un humanitarian coordination office said today .
( international ) americans celebrate new year with flower - like parade
xinhua news agency , washington , january 1 , the united states holds various celebrations to greet the new year .
among them , the annual " romezzle " parade in los angeles , california , and the winter games in the state of minnesota are the most eye - catching .
on the same day , hundreds of thousands of visitors gathered in los angeles , the streets of los angeles , where they watched the 155 th " rode " parade , and felt the festive atmosphere of the new year .
in order to prevent terrorist activities , the los angeles police have adopted unprecedented security measures .
more than 100 police officers and a large number of plain - clothes were mixed into the crowd to watch out for suspicious persons .
the police also used various measures such as cameras , helicopters , and police dogs to monitor the scene of the march and conduct strict inspections on suspicious goods .
about 100 vehicles in the vicinity of the procession were searched by the police .
in the cold state of minnesota , about 500 people participated in the 14 th minnesota winter games , which was sponsored by local charities .
the contestants in the cold - blooded diving and swimming courageous moves have attracted a large number of audience , and they have won the praise and support of the people .
( international ) foreign ministers from south asian countries discuss free trade zone and anti - terrorism
xinhua news agency , islamabad , january 2 ( reporter zhang ning ) the two - day meeting of the south asian regional cooperation alliance ( south asian union ) foreign ministers opened in islamabad on the 2 nd , and the foreign ministers of the member states of the south asian union will discuss the establishment of a free trade zone in south asia and the signing of the additional protocol on terrorism .
during the meeting , the foreign ministers of all countries will also study specific ways of cooperation in the areas of preventing the sale of women and children , protecting the rights and interests of children , and establishing a foundation for the disabled .
the foreign minister of pakistan , the host country , was elected chairman of the meeting .
in his speech , he called on all member states of the south african union to strengthen cooperation and exchanges , enhance mutual understanding , and make joint efforts to safeguard peace and stability in the region , and create conditions for eliminating poverty and promoting economic development in the region .
the meeting of foreign ministers of the south african union is a meeting of ministers responsible for the summit .
the 12 th south african union summit meeting will be held in islamabad from 4 to 6 january , and the heads of state or government of the seven member states of the southern league of bangladesh , bhutan , the maldives , india , pakistan , and sri lanka will attend the meeting .
since the outside world speculates that the leaders of india and pakistan may hold talks on bilateral relations during the meeting , this summit of the south european union is particularly eye - catching .
( international ) us rescue team claims aid to iran with no political color
xinhua news agency , iran , january 2 ( reporter jiang xiaoyun ) - the head of the us international aid agency for humanitarian aid in the islamic republic of iran who is participating in the earthquake - relief work in the islamic republic of iran , the us rescue team told xinhua on the 2 nd that the us rescue team 's participation in the rescue activities did not bring any political color .
kazibwe pointed out that the us side has established this rescue team " nothing to do with politics , " and the united states has provided similar humanitarian aid to iran in the past .
he said that the rescue team , composed of 84 members , had set up a city search and rescue team and a battlefield hospital in the bahamas , and several small detachments were responsible for assessing the damage of the housing .
they also delivered plastic bags , tents , and other relief materials .
when asked about how long the us rescue team will stay in pakistan , carolin said : " the owner ( the iranian government ) will be allowed to stay , and we will have a long way to stay . "
kazibwe also said that the us rescue team 's activities in barghuti were free , and that no iranian police had been protected or followed by them .
in addition , he held that the iranian government 's ability to respond to the earthquake and handle the disaster is " first - rate and outstanding . "
the us international development office is a subordinate organization of the international development and cooperation office , which is under the administration of the us state department .
the united states and iran have never resumed normal relations since the breaking off of diplomatic relations in 1980 .
the united states still regards iran as one of the " countries that support terrorism " and " axis of evil " countries .
the us sent a rescue team to iran this time , which was taken at the invitation of iranian ambassador to the united nations .
( international ) israeli deputy prime minister denies plans to expand settlement in golan heights
xinhua news agency , london , january 2 , israeli deputy prime minister olmert denied on the 2 nd that israel plans to expand jewish settlements in the golan heights , claiming that there is no such " plan " or such " policy . "
the israeli government plans to increase the number of jewish settlers living in the golan heights before the peace talks with syria on december 31 last year to strengthen control over the golan heights , israeli minister of agriculture said in a statement .
in an interview with the british broadcasting corporation , olmert said that the development of agriculture , tourism , and settlements in the golan heights was wrong .
he said : " in the past two days , i have repeatedly verified the premier and the finance minister . in accordance with the government 's commitments , i have not been approved . "
he said that despite some ministers ' consent to this plan , the government will never give any support .
the golan heights was captured by israel in the third middle east war in 1967 with a total of 1.70,000 jewish settlers .
syria and israel are therefore in a state of war for a long time .
after the publication of the golan heights 's remarks immediately aroused widespread concern in the international community , syria condemned israel 's plan to expand the golan heights , stressing that this was illegal .
china 's high - tech modern weapons industry has now become " embryonic "
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 3 ( reporter li huanyan and li bin ) in the past year , the china ordnance industry corporation , as one of the top 10 military industrial enterprises in china , has made great progress in the research and development of high - tech weapons and equipment and in reform and extrication from difficulties .
china 's ordnance industry corporation , general manager ma guanghua , said here today that the company 's sales income in 2003 was 44.7 billion yuan , up 19.7 percent over the same period last year , and that the whole system had achieved the goal of reducing losses and increasing profits in two years ahead of time .
the weapons industry is china 's largest industry in the field of science , technology , and industry for national defense , and has a basic strategic position in the modernization of national defense .
in recent years , the china ordnance industry corporation has adhered to the practice of leading the scientific and technological and talented people in the first place , and on the one hand , it has made great efforts to develop high - tech weapons , and has successfully developed a number of high - tech weapons and equipment urgently needed by the chinese armed forces to develop and produce a number of high - tech military products .
at the same time , the china ordnance industry corporation has made great efforts to promote structural adjustment , and the total number of employees has been reduced to 360,000 , and the total number of employees has been reduced from 47.60,000 to 360,000 , and the net staff and workers have been reorganized and listed on the stock market .
( international ) mongolia 's livestock industry improved in 2003
xinhua news agency , ulan bator , january 5 ( reporter lu guodong ) according to local media reports on the 5 th , by the end of 2003 , the volume of the livestock keeping in mongolia was 2530.78 million , an increase of 162.33 million over the same period last year .
this was the first time since the sharp decline in the livestock reserves in mongolia .
with a huge rain in summer last year , spring and winter have not met with heavy snow , creating favorable conditions for the improvement of the situation in mongolia 's livestock industry .
by the end of 2003 , there were a total of 255.56 million camels of the camilla , 195.83 million , 178.43 million cattle , and 100.62 million sheep , and the mountain sheep was 100.34 million .
compared with the same period last year , there was an increase in the number of camel camel , mountain sheep , and mianyang , while the number of buffalos was somewhat reduced .
mongolia 's livestock and poultry industries basically privatized in the 1990 s .
however , the livestock and poultry industries after privatization are completely " dependent on heaven . "
from 1994 to 1999 , the mongolian animal husbandry industry had been thriving for six years in a row , due to inclement weather .
at the end of 1999 , mongolia 's livestock reserves reached 3.35 million , a record high .
however , from 2000 to 2002 , the province 's livestock industry experienced three consecutive years of heavy snow and drought in the winter .
at the end of 2002 , mongolia 's livestock keeping number was only 22.645 million , down 91.55 million in three years .
( international ) north korea says it will use military force against the united states
xinhua news agency , pyongyang , january 6 , the dprk central news agency issued a commentary on the 6 th , urging the united states to make good efforts to resolve the nuclear issue , and said that the dprk will vigorously strengthen its military strength and use military force against the united states .
the commentary said : the most important thing in easing the tense situation on the korean peninsula and safeguarding peace and stability on the korean peninsula is to settle the nuclear issue between the dprk and the united states peacefully through dialogue .
the dprk has put forward a package of solution to the issue on the basis of the principle of simultaneously taking action as the basis .
the commentary reiterated that the peaceful settlement of the nuclear issue through dialogue is a consistent principled stand of the dprk .
the us government should adopt a goodwill toward this stance of the dprk .
however , the united states is going to test its weapons and other advanced weapons on the afghan and iraqi battlefield in the near future , and is speeding up its preparations for starting a new war .
the commentary also said that the dprk will adopt a self - defense policy that " the united states is totally denying and threatening the dprk 's ideology and system , and that the dprk will take the initiative to deal with the issue with the dprk , which is a matter of the dprk 's defense of sovereignty and the right to survival , and the peace and stability of the korean peninsula and the region . "
the greater the us threat , the more the dprk will further strengthen its anti - imperialist military front and use its military strength to cope with the united states .
( international ) us service industry continues to grow behind manufacturing
xinhua news agency , new york , january 6 , ( reporter xue yanping ) a report released by the well - known us research institute on the 6 th showed that the index of the service industry in the united states dropped in january last year , indicating that the current growth of the service industry is still behind the manufacturing industry .
the report said that in january last year , the index of service industries , including retail , financial , construction , and other non - manufacturing sectors , decreased from 60.1 percent in the previous month to 58.6 percent , and the economists estimated that the index would increase to 60.5 percent .
according to the standards set by the supply management association , the service industry index is higher than the 50 - sector expansion , while the service industry represents less than 50 percent of the industry .
the index of manufacturing industries grew by a big margin in the second half of the year , the highest in 20 years , according to a report released today by the supply management association .
this shows that the growth of the us service industry is still behind the manufacturing sector .
the growth of the manufacturing sector is conducive to expanding employment and promoting economic growth , but the growth of the service sector will play a greater role in reducing unemployment and promoting economic growth .
( international ) li zhaoxing and pakistani foreign minister telephone conversation on success of the south african union summit
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 7 , chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing , who is on a visit to the comoros , made a telephone call to pakistani foreign minister karachi to warmly congratulate the successful summit meeting of the south asian regional cooperation alliance ( south asian union ) held in islamabad .
li zhaoxing said : the important document adopted by the meeting has set the development goals for the south african union process and will promote the cause of peace and development in the region , and is in the interests of the people of all countries in south asia .
as a friendly neighbor , china sincerely hopes that south asia will maintain peace and stability and move toward prosperity .
china is willing to work together with all south asian countries , including pakistan , to promote peace and development in the region .
li zhaoxing also said that during the meeting , the leaders of pakistan and india met with each other and reiterated that they would take further measures to ease relations .
the chinese side welcomes and supports this , and is willing to make its own contributions to promoting peace and development in south asia .
card su spoke highly of the constructive role played by china in promoting peace and development in south asia .
he said : pakistan is willing to continue to strengthen friendly and mutually beneficial cooperation with china so as to benefit the two peoples and make due contributions to regional and world peace and development .
6 888 hong kong registered enterprises in beijing
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 7 ( reporter zhu hua and chen jianxing ) as of the end of 2003 , the number of hong kong - registered enterprises in beijing reached 6888 , and the total amount of investment contracts in beijing reached $ 17.9 billion , accounting for 43% of the total amount of foreign investment in beijing .
among them , the service sector accounts for 43 percent of beijing 's total foreign investment , and the manufacturing sector accounts for 24 percent .
this was revealed by the vice mayor of beijing , mr lu hao , at a " seminar on the promotion of the hong kong and macao ( the mainland ) , and the development of economic and trade cooperation between the mainland and hong kong and macao . "
the beijing municipal government attaches great importance to economic and trade cooperation with hong kong and macao , and announced on january 2 the relevant policies and arrangements of the beijing municipal government to further promote the implementation of the apec meeting .
he said : there are great potential for cooperation between beijing and hong kong and macao . this potential is mainly from the following three aspects : first , it is from the beijing region and the hong kong and macao regions . second , it is from the advantages of beijing and hong kong and macao , and the three is from beijing 's existing economic and trade relations and friendly contacts with hong kong and macao .
( international ) 35 people injured in u . s . base in iraq
xinhua news agency , baghdad , january 7 ( reporter li jizhi and nie xiaoyang ) - a us military logistics base in iraq issued a statement on the evening of the 7 th , saying that a us military logistics base in the west of baghdad was attacked by mortar and 35 soldiers were injured .
at about 6 : 45 pm local time , six mortar bombs hit the base with unknown militants , the statement said .
at present , the injured soldiers have been transferred to nearby war - stricken hospitals for treatment , but the statement did not reveal the situation of the wounded and the more details of the incident .
although the shelling did not lead to the death of the us military , it was one of the most fierce attacks on the us troops in iraq since the arrest of former iraqi president saddam on 13 december last year .
since the us - british coalition forces launched the iraq war in march last year , 331 us soldiers have been killed in iraq .
according to another report , on the morning of the 7 th , armed personnel of the unknown identity opened fire at a check point near the city of the northern iraq , after which they fled .
one iraqi police and a civilian shot dead .
since the coalition forces occupied iraq , nearly 200 iraqi police have died in various attacks .
( international ) portuguese old life stars to celebrate 113 th birthday
xinhua news agency , lisbon , january 7 ( reporter zhao xiaozhong ) according to a report by the portuguese media on the 7 th , the portuguese woman life expectancy second in the world 's longevity record , carolina , will celebrate her 113 th birthday with her family .
kazibwe was born on january 9 , 1891 , and is currently living in the new anatolia district of central portugal .
her family is now the 5 th , and she has six sons and daughters of the world , 26 sun zi , and 39 grandsons and daughters , and seven grandsons and daughters .
on her 113 th birthday , five generations of people will gather together to celebrate the birthday of the old life .
however , the family members of carlo said that they would not go all out in the game because the old lady was in high spirits and would not be able to get a bed every afternoon .
according to portuguese media reports , in the guinness records , the world 's first woman life expectancy on november 6 , 1889 , was born in the united states .
at present , no one has broken the longevity record of the french people let carl levin , and she was 122 when she died in 1997 .
shenzhen to launch project on border crossings
xinhua news agency , shenzhen , january 8 ( reporter li nanling ) in order to effectively prevent the spread of infectious diseases through the shenzhen port , the shenzhen inspection and quarantine bureau recently issued a public notice to the outside world , and decided to comprehensively implement the temperature of the three land - entry drivers at huanggang , man kam to , and sha tau kok , and complete the health quarantine and quarantine measures .
it has been learned that because of the relatively large number of vehicles at the shenzhen boundary crossing points , such as the average number of vehicles in the huanggang control point has reached 2.50 million times , the man kam to control point has to ensure the smooth flow of the port , and it is also necessary to carry out health quarantine and quarantine work for all drivers .
in order to do a good job in checking the temperature of the passengers , collecting health inspection and quarantine , the shenzhen inspection and quarantine bureau has overcome all kinds of difficulties , and in addition to increasing the number of personnel from inside the port , the shenzhen inspection and quarantine bureau has recently urgently recruited more than 250,000 people , and after conducting concentrated training , all of them have been enriched to various ports to ensure the safety and smooth operation of the port .
the shenzhen inspection and quarantine bureau has submitted to the relevant units and the drivers of the entry and exit inspection and quarantine bureau , and the " entry and exit inspection and quarantine card " can apply for the work of the " entry and exit vehicles and goods ( personnel ) inspection and quarantine , " or the work of the inspection and quarantine department .
at the same time , the bureau also called on the relevant units and drivers to work together to prevent the spread of sars into hong kong via shenzhen to protect people 's health .
( international ) us dollar traded at low
xinhua news agency , new york , january 8 , under the influence of the speech of the president of the european central bank , the us dollar exchange rate fell to a low eight - day after a brief rebound on the 7 th .
the president of the european central bank , the president of the european central bank , made a commentary on the same day , saying that the negative impact of the euro exchange rate on the export of european enterprises , but he held that the gradual recovery of the world economy and the shift of consumption demand have offset the impact of the euro 's appreciation .
he also pointed out that the strong euro also played a positive role in stabilizing the price of the euro zone to a certain extent , so the european central bank decided to maintain the original interest rate level .
investors regarded this comment as a signal that the euro zone officials were not worried about the euro zone 's appreciation , and therefore they sold the us dollar to other major currencies in the west . the british pound rose to an all - time high of 11 years .
at the closing of the new york foreign exchange , the euro against the us dollar rose to 1:1.2761 from 1:1.2640 on the previous trading day , and the british pound against the us dollar rose to 1:1.8320 from 1:1.6820 , and the us dollar against the japanese yen rose to 1:1.8354 .
( sports ) lucinschi : i am a sacrificial victim
xinhua news agency , london , january 9 , admitted that he was a murderer who had taken stimulant tennis on the 9 th , and that he was nothing but a replacement of the professional tennis association .
luchinsky is the second runner - up of the british men 's network .
he admitted on august 8 that he had received a drug examination in a july last year and that the drug inspectors of the professional tennis association had informed him of the synthetic steroids containing low concentration .
on the 9 th , rosensky said that as a matter of fact , more than 40 first - class tennis athletes have been found to have been found in a urine that is higher than his concentration , but only he has become a sacrificial victim .
the 30 - year - old luchinsky said : " i have been treated well , and this kind of treatment is wrong , unfair , and discriminatory .
they should not file a lawsuit against me but should investigate the whole course of the matter . "
lucinschi pledged to " oppose the end " of his complaint .
he resolutely denied that he had any act of using forbidden drugs to raise the results .
he said : the root cause of the matter is not himself , but the whole world .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) cdta opens new prospect for hong kong 's legal profession
xinhua news agency , hong kong , january 12 ( reporter liu shiping ) - the secretary for justice of the hong kong special administrative region government , ms elsie leung , said on the 12 th that the " mainland and hong kong closer economic partnership arrangement " has created a win - win situation for the legal profession in hong kong and the mainland : hong kong lawyers can benefit the sustained economic growth in the mainland and can also help improve the professional knowledge in international trade and financial affairs .
speaking at the opening ceremony of the legal year 2004 , ms leung said that the department of justice had helped the development of the pmb , and continued to contribute to the co - operation of the legal services agreement , the promotion of legal services in hong kong and the network of legal services .
-- to promote the establishment of a systematic cooperative relationship between hong kong and mainland lawyers so as to complement and benefit each other .
the department of justice has proposed to sign a legal service cooperation agreement with various provinces and municipalities within the framework of the apec , so as to promote co - operation between the two sides .
at present , the department of justice has signed a cooperative agreement with the judicial bureau of beijing , shanghai , and other places .
- - continue to promote hong kong as a centre for legal services and mediation .
-- it plans to set up a legal service information website to provide information on hong kong and mainland lawyers , and hopes to join macao and taiwan lawyers .
the hong kong law firms can expand their business in the mainland through a variety of means , such as the association of mainland law firms and the mainland law firms , or the mainland law firm may be employed as a legal adviser to hong kong , or have the right to practice in the mainland after obtaining the qualifications of the people 's republic of china .
( international ) lebanon calls for efforts to restore stability in middle east
xinhua news agency , beirut , january 12 ( reporter pan liwen ) - lebanon 's president , rato , met here on the 12 th with mark , eu special envoy for the middle east , urging the eu to make efforts to restore stability in the middle east .
" the eu can play an important role in restoring stability in the middle east , " rato said .
all parties concerned in the middle east should give up the use of force and return to the negotiating table as soon as possible .
he said : lebanon supports the resumption of peace talks between the arab and israel , with the aim of promoting the implementation of the relevant un resolutions .
hu jintao pointed out that the arab peace proposal set by the arab summit in beirut in 2002 is still a good foundation for starting the middle east peace process .
when talking about the threat and pressure facing lebanon and syria , larry said that threats and pressure on lebanon and syria are aimed at urging them to change the principle of national and state .
however , these principles have reflected the common aspirations of the lebanese and syrian people in the liberation of the occupied territory , the establishment of an independent palestinian state , and the settlement of palestinian refugees on the spot .
he condemned the israeli sharon administration for obstructing and undermining peace and refusing to implement the relevant un resolutions .
during the meeting , albright stressed that the eu countries are determined to work together with arab countries to implement the relevant un resolutions and restore peace in the middle east .
after concluding his visit to syria , albright arrived in beirut on the evening of 11 april for a visit to lebanon .
( international ) syria calls on israel to treat peace seriously
xinhua news agency , united nations , january 12 , syrian permanent representative to the united nations , the syrian president al - sabah , said on the 12 th that although israeli president bashar has invited syrian president bashar to go to jerusalem for peace talks , israel must first seriously consider the issue of realizing peace and return the golan heights under his occupation to syria .
the spokesman said that unless israel " seriously respects " the un security council 's resolution on the request of israel to withdraw troops from the golan heights , the invitation of israeli president katrina has no influence .
he stressed that only if israel is done so , will there be peace , and syria will not sacrifice its own territory .
the israeli president 's role is mainly a courtesy call , and israel 's real management is a cabinet member led by prime minister sharon .
he said : " we will not hold talks with the israeli president , which is a matter of discussion with the israeli government . "
earlier , israeli president bashar announced through a public radio station that he had invited syrian president bashar to hold talks with israeli leaders .
in this regard , syria believes that this is only a matter of speculation by news .
recently , syria has strengthened its diplomatic offensive against israel and hopes to resume peace talks between the two countries .
however , sharon said that peace talks can be resumed only if syria demonstrates its desire to end terrorism .
( international ) south korean president says progress has been made in south korean relations
xinhua news agency , seoul , january 14 ( reporter zhang li ) - south korean president roh moo - hyun said on the 14 th that although the nuclear issue has been affected by the nuclear issue , the south - north relations have made progress in the past year , and south korea will continue to develop in a solid way this year .
at a new year press conference held at the qingnian presidential palace on the same day , roh moo - hyun said that the development strategy and plan of all the south korean countries are the key to the establishment of a stable south - north korean relationship based on peace on the korean peninsula .
although the nuclear issue has been affected by the nuclear issue , the south - north talks held 38 times in 2003 , and the number of north - south dialogue has reached 106 days . this shows that the dprk - rok relations have made progress in the past year .
this year , the rok will continue to develop south - north relations with practical contents on the basis of a solid security guarantee , and the keynote of a peaceful solution to the north korean nuclear issue will continue .
if the dprk nuclear issue is resolved , then rok - dprk relations will be able to get a turning point again .
roh also said that in the new year , the rok government will focus on developing the economy , creating job opportunities , stabilizing the financial and real estate markets , promoting harmonious labor relations , and enhancing national and industrial competitiveness .
( foreign affairs ) chinese premier meets mongolian prime minister
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 14 ( reporter liu dongkai ) - premier wen jiabao of the state council met with mongolian prime minister enkhbayar enkhbayar , who is in the ziguangge of zhongnanhai on the 14 th .
wen jiabao said : china and mongolia have decided to establish a good - neighborly partnership of mutual trust , which is of far - reaching significance to the development of bilateral relations in the new century .
mongolia is an important neighbor of china .
the new central leadership collective of china will adhere to the policy of the neighboring countries and the policy of " good neighborliness , good neighbors , and neighboring countries , " and will further enhance trust with mongolia , deepen cooperation , and seek common development , and always be a good friend , good neighbor , and good partner of mongolia .
wen jiabao stressed : china attaches great importance to the mutually beneficial economic and trade cooperation between china and mongolia , and hopes that mongolia will develop as soon as possible , and is willing to carry out long - term and stable cooperation with mongolia in resources development and infrastructure construction .
enkhbayar said he was pleased to get acquainted with premier wen .
he said : since president hu jintao 's visit to mongolia last year , the good - neighborly and mutual trust partnership between the two countries has been developing constantly , and new achievements have been made in the economic cooperation between the two countries . the mongolian side is satisfied with this .
enkhbayar said that mongolia has always placed its relations with china in an important position in mongolia 's foreign contacts .
the mongolian side thanked the chinese side for its assistance to mongolia for many years .
the mongolian government firmly supports china 's stand on the taiwan issue .
mongolia welcomes chinese enterprises to take an active part in mongolia 's infrastructure construction and development of resources .
also present at the meeting were chinese vice foreign minister wang yi and mongolian foreign minister erdenim khaddam .
( international ) brazil continues collection of fingerprints and photographs of us tourists
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , january 13 , brazil 's second largest city in rio de janeiro will continue to withdraw thieves ' fingerprints and photographs against the entry into the country at the airport and port on the 13 th .
in order to reduce the impact of this measure on the tourism industry in rio de janeiro , the tourism administration gave small gifts to americans who have come to hong kong , so that they will have a sense of belonging to them .
small gifts include a bright meihua flowers and a shirts with the words " love for you " in rio de janeiro .
the tourism administration hopes to issue small gifts to the american people who are entering the country to reduce the irritation of fingerprints and photographs .
the deputy director of the tourism administration , laig , said : " this is a small welcome act , which indicates the importance of american tourists to us . "
he disclosed that as brazil has implemented measures to withdraw thieves ' fingerprints and photographs , about 320 americans have canceled their travel plans to brazil .
last year , the us government decided to take pictures of foreign nationals , including brazilian citizens , to take pictures of the fingerprints in the united states from january 5 this year .
in order to protest the us move , the brazilian government also adopted the same measure against the americans who entered the country from january 1 .
the us government has expressed dissatisfaction with brazil 's action on many occasions .
us secretary of state powell personally made a phone call to brazilian foreign minister abdel aziz , asking brazil to cancel this " discriminatory " measure against americans this week .
alim , on the other hand , demanded that the united states take action against the united states .
( international ) norway resumed peace mediation in sri lanka
xinhua news agency , colombo , january 14 , in order to resume the peace mediation activities in sri lanka due to the political crisis , the norwegian ambassador to sri lanka , hanika , went to a town in the northern part of the country under the control of the " thai prime minister , " to discuss the peace process with the anti - government political leaders .
the sri lankan cabinet spokesman told reporters that brahimi will hold talks with the political leader of the serbian group , the chelsea , later this day .
at the same time , norway 's special envoy , sohore , will also meet with balayogi , chief negotiator of the plo , in london .
this was the first time in the past two months that the norwegian special envoy had met with representatives of the group .
on november 4 last year , sri lanka 's president vladimir kumaratunga , minister of home affairs , and minister of information , criticized them for making too much concessions in the course of negotiations with the tiger .
norwegian officials announced 10 days later that due to the political crisis in the sri lanka government , they suspended their peace mediation activities there .
( archaeological discovery ) 31 qin han tomb in fengchang county , shaanxi province
xinhua news agency , xi'an , january 15 ( reporter ma zhengma ) - the past history scholars have always held that the imperial family of sun zhenchang village of fengqin county in shaanxi province is a place for the royal family to pay a major homage to the royal family , but the shaanxi archaeological institute recently discovered the 31 st qin tomb in this palace , which was expected to change .
in order to coordinate with a company in baoshan city , the shaanxi archaeological institute conducted a archaeological survey on the site , and discovered a total of 31 000 square meters of the urgently used qin dynasty to the spring festival .
the archaeological team of shaanxi province , through the screening of these ancient tombs , has unearthed more than 440 pieces of copper works , tao zong , and other artifacts .
one of the qin dynasty grave is a coffin - coffin , and there is a two - section burial pit beside the tomb .
a total of 15 young bronze pots and tao boosters were found in the tomb , and the bronze pots were concealed in the tomb .
among them , the young bronze - producing , refined , and exquisite , have maintained a style of molding in the western week .
the burial objects of the tomb were broken down , and the owner of the tomb was the guinness of the qin dynasty in the late week .
the experts therefore reckoned that there should be a large tombs in the vicinity .
the accident found that there was a great value of historical materials for the study of qin han and the distribution of the qin dynasty .
tian yafei , deputy researcher of the shaanxi archaeological institute and head of the yungcheng archaeological institute , said : in the past , the history circles have always believed that the imperial village of the nanqi village was the place where the qin dynasty was moved to the emperor 's hometown to the western han dynasty .
this time , it has been found that before the relocation of the yongcheng , this is one of the western zhou dynasty 's cognition and has experienced several times of expansion .
kuwait , jordan oppose iraq 's security and stability
xinhua news agency , kuwait , january 14 ( reporter an jiang ) kuwait and jordan stressed on the 14 th in kuwait that the two countries oppose iraq 's security , stability , and territorial integrity and abide by the principle of not interfering in iraq 's internal affairs .
kuwaiti foreign minister sabah and jordanian foreign minister abdullah al - sabah jointly presided over the first meeting of the two countries mixed committee on the same day .
at a joint press conference held at the end of the meeting , the two sides called for strengthening the role of the united nations in iraq , fulfilling the agreement reached by the iraqi interim management committee and the us - british coalition , and transferring the power to the iraqi people within the specified time .
the two sides also called on the us - british coalition forces to fulfill their obligations in accordance with the relevant un security council resolutions and the norms of international law , and at the same time stressed the importance of cooperation between iraq and its neighboring countries to jointly prevent human smuggling and cross - border behavior .
the two sides jointly condemned the collective massacre of the former iraqi regime against the iraqis and kuwaiti prisoners of war in other countries , holding that this was an open violation of human rights and islamic doctrine .
the two sides welcome the decision of the iraqi interim management committee on the establishment of a special court and the trial of murderer .
china commends manned spaceflight project with outstanding contributions
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 15 ( reporter xi qixin ) - the ministry of personnel , the state science , technology , and industry for national defense , and the general armament department recently made a decision to commend advanced collectives and individuals for their outstanding contributions to china 's manned spaceflight project .
chen bingzhong , deputy chief designer of china 's manned spaceflight engineering office , and other 40 units were given the title of " china 's outstanding contribution to china 's manned spaceflight project , " and some 400 individuals , including chen bingzhong , deputy chief designer of china 's manned spaceflight project , were given the title of " china 's outstanding contributions to china 's manned spaceflight project . "
since china launched a manned spaceflight project in 1992 , a large number of scientific and technological workers and officers and men taking part in engineering development , construction , and experiments have been working hard to explore , and have the courage to transcend the core technology of the intellectual property rights , and have taken the road of the development of a high starting point , high - quality , high - speed , high - efficiency , and low - cost chinese characteristics . a large number of advanced collectives and individuals have emerged .
among them , outstanding representatives were commended this time .
the ministry of personnel , the national defense science and technology commission , and the general armament department have called on all units and individuals participating in china 's manned space engineering development , construction , and experiment tasks , to make outstanding contributions to china 's manned spaceflight project , and to strive to promote the development of china 's manned spaceflight cause .
china adopts measures to prevent the entry of foot - and - mouth disease in tajikistan
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 15 , ( reporter du yu ) - the ministry of agriculture and the state administration of quality supervision and inspection issued a joint statement a few days ago : the ministry of agriculture and the state administration of quality supervision , inspection , and quarantine are prohibited or indirectly from the import of cloven - hoofed animals and their products from tajikistan , which have been delivered to china 's ports for the return or the handling of the cases .
according to the world organisation for animal health ( oie ) report , the foot - and - mouth disease has occurred recently in tajikistan .
in order to protect the safety of china 's livestock industry , the ministry of agriculture and the state administration of quality supervision and inspection also issued a notice demanding the prohibition of the import of cloven - hoofed animals and their products from the republic of tajikistan .
once they are discovered , they will be returned or destroyed .
as for the international ship , aircraft , train , and other means of transportation that are going through china or in china , if it is discovered that all the birds and their products from the rok will be sealed and handled , they will be dealt with without the supervision of the entry and exit inspection and quarantine organs , and will not be allowed to give up .
the circular demanded that the smuggled animals and their products from the customs and border defense departments intercepted by the customs and the border defense departments should be destroyed under the supervision of the entry and exit inspection and quarantine organs .
( international ) air passenger transportation volume exceeded boeing for the first time last year
xinhua news agency , paris , january 15 ( reporter xu zhenqiang ) - the european air bus company issued a statement on the 15 th , saying that the total amount of aircraft paid by the company in 2003 was 305 , which exceeded the original 300 , and the first time that it was the first to be the united states ' competitor .
last year , airbus aircraft delivered slightly higher than the 303 in 2002 .
the company forecast that this year 's market is still sluggish , and the volume of its aircraft transportation is " close to 300 . "
the boeing company of the united states announced earlier this month that the amount of aircraft paid last year was 281 , which is estimated to be between 275 and 290 this year .
in 2003 , the amount of aircraft paid by air passengers accounted for 52% of the world 's share , and their global share in 2001 and 2002 was 38 percent and 44 percent respectively .
last year , the company received 284 orders from its customers , with a total value of us $ 32.8 billion , and the number of orders to be removed was 254 , accounting for 52% of the world 's total .
the high - level management of the european air defense and aerospace company , which is 80 percent of the total , said they did not expect the civil aircraft market to recover very quickly , but hoped that the company would maintain the current level of aircraft delivery by 2005 .
( international ) chinese zhejiang dance theatre ends spring festival greetings to overseas chinese and overseas chinese in portugal
xinhua news agency , poland , january 15 ( reporter zhao xiaozhong ) - china 's zhejiang province 's zhejiang province dance troupe concluded its spring festival greetings to overseas chinese and overseas chinese , and left the northern city of portugal for spain on the 15 th .
on the evening of the 13 th and 14 th , the chinese zhejiang provincial song and dance theatre held two spring festival gala performances in the portuguese capital , the second largest city of lisbon , and the chinese people of portugal , and the brilliant dance , musical instruments , and magic show of the actors were warmly welcomed and continually cheerfully displayed .
in order to see the performance of the relatives of overseas chinese and overseas chinese from the home country on the eve of the spring festival , some chinese and foreign nationals of the chinese family have come to watch the performances of the artists , one after another , praised the love of their hometown and the care of the motherland .
the song and dance theatre of zhejiang province is here at the invitation of some major chinese organizations in portugal to celebrate the spring festival with the overseas chinese compatriots , and their performances have pushed the atmosphere of the spring festival of overseas chinese in portugal .
some overseas chinese said that the motherland is a strong backing for the development of overseas chinese , and the vast number of overseas chinese will further strengthen economic and trade exchanges with the motherland and make greater contributions to the early realization of the motherland 's prosperity and peaceful reunification .
( international ) us star babies move toward paris " the center of coffee "
xinhua news agency , paris , january 15 , the united states ' chain store star , on the 15 th , was opened in paris , the first shop in the french capital of the world cafe , and was determined to open at least 10 chain stores in france within the year .
at the opening ceremony of the new shop in paris , the executive director of the star , peter costello , said that he was not brave enough to do anything to teach the french people how to drink coffee , nor did he want to do business with the french coffee museum .
the paris opera house is a lot of lots for foreign visitors and tourists , so it is the first choice for the occasion .
in addition , it will also open two restaurants in the lountain area in paris , where the cultural people are concentrating on the transnational corporations .
us food and beverage culture has always been excluded .
however , mcdonnell and kant have been successful in france , and they have become well - received food with arab meals , japanese food , and chinese food .
in seattle in the united states , the xingke headquarters opened more than 7,00000 chain stores in more than 30 countries .
from the outside of the shop , it gives people the feeling that it is more like a fast food shop like mcdonnell rather than an eu - style coffee shop .
in france , it will use the paper cup and china cups as its customers simultaneously .
airbus to deliver more than 30 civilian planes to china this year
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 16 ( reporter zhang yi ) - - - the new president of the china airlines of airbus , the new president of the china aviation corporation , announced in beijing on the 16 th that the air passengers had delivered 36 civilian aircraft to the mainland , hong kong , and macao in 2003 , and it is estimated that the aircraft to be delivered to the same or slightly as last year .
mr. bolong said that in 2003 , air passengers delivered a total of 305 aircraft , accounting for 52% of the world 's 100 civil aircraft markets , and obtained 254 orders , accounting for 52% of the global market share , and leapt to the world 's no. 1 civil aircraft manufacturers .
mr. bolong held that the 2004 global aviation market was still quite difficult , but china 's development exceeded that of other countries in the world .
for airbus , china is a very important strategic market , and china 's market share in the world market will become more and more important .
china introduced its first air passenger plane in 1985 .
the number of active aircraft in the mainland of china , hong kong and macao has increased from 29 in early 1995 to more than 220 , accounting for about 30 percent of the chinese civil aircraft on active duty .
a gang of robbers and murders committed in anhui province
xinhua news agency , hefei ( wu yongquan ) on 17 january , the huangshan city intermediate people 's court in anhui province officially tried the case of the robbery and murder of the criminal gang , which was under the supervision of the ministry of public security , and the criminal gang of the three provinces ( counties ) , which had been involved in the crimes of the criminal gang .
according to the sources of the huangshan city police , there are seven backbone members of the criminal gang , including two women , and all of them are members of the jiangwei sea .
since 1993 , the gang , in the 10 provinces and municipalities , including the huangshan mountain in anhui , anqing , jingde town , and zhejiang , had committed crimes , and seven murders in the course of robbery in the past 10 years , six of them were killed , and two of them were killed .
on 11 june 2002 , zhang hai and others killed a person on duty at a certain tobacco shop in the jixi district of huangshan city , and robbed a total of 30,000 yuan of cigarettes . on 12 january 2003 , the people were killed in the city .
the two cases have aroused the attention of the public security organs in huangshan city , and the ministry of public security has listed the gang as a case under supervision .
on 18 january 2003 , the police in huangshan city arrested a number of major criminal suspects , including zhang xuezhang , zhang guoxiang , chen zhixin , and wu changcompany , in the midst of the case .
zhang has been imprisoned for 23 years , and other criminal members are his relatives or friends of prison , as well as friends of the prison .
( international ) the two black boxes of the red sea crash were all found
xinhua news agency , cairo , january 17 , egypt and france 's maritime search and rescue team on the 16 th found the second black box of the passenger plane that killed in the crash on the sea after the first black box in the red sea .
the leader of the egyptian search and rescue team , the leader of the french diving institute , said that the french diving robot " sky , " is the second black box in the rescue capsule of the plane , and it is expected that it will be able to salvage the water in the early morning of 18 april .
the two black box was found in more than 100 meters in the water , and they were separated by about 30 meters .
the person in charge of the egyptian accident investigation committee , the first black box , recorded all kinds of technical data before the plane crash , and the black box will be carried out by the egyptian civil aviation department 's laboratory .
although the black box was seriously damaged , jihad claimed that his " good state " was good .
the two so - called black box on the plane was actually yellow .
according to the design , they will be able to send 30 days of signal after the crash of the 6,000 - meter deep sea , so that the search and rescue personnel will be able to determine their orientation and salvage .
the passenger plane crash in the red sea area belongs to the egyptian private vranitar airline .
the boeing 737 passenger plane crashed into the red sea not long after it took off from egypt 's tourism , killing 148 people , including 134 french , one french , and 13 egyptian aircrew members .
egyptian and french experts believe that the air crash was originated from technical malfunction rather than terrorist attacks or explosions , and that the two black box on the plane will be found to help to expose the crash .
china 's ultra - low temperatures hail breakthroughs in preserving and cultivating technology
xinhua news agency report of january 18 from jinan ( by staff reporter su wanming ) - 196 degrees celsius has been successfully maintained in liquid nitrogen oxides , and it has been replanted after the operation .
a chinese scholar recently announced that he had made a major breakthrough in the use of ultra - low - temperature conservation and replanting of technology .
a few days ago , the shandong provincial hospital has successfully carried out a clean - up of the patients , and the second case was successfully implanted in the low - temperature liquid nitrogen oxides ( in - 196 degrees celsius ) after the successful implementation of the hospital last year ( in - 196 degrees celsius ) .
the report on the new medical and health science and technology project of the ministry of public health confirmed that up to now , it has been the only two cases in the world that super-cold temperature has been preserved .
wang zengtao , director of the surgical department of the shandong provincial hospital , announced : " after a large number of animal experiments and the clinical application of two cases , we have preliminarily mastered the technology of keeping low temperatures . "
wang added that compared with the heart , kidney , and other organs , the composition and structure of the fingers are more complicated , including a variety of organizations , such as blood , nerves , muscle , skull , and resilient , and is a compound organization .
it is a series of complicated links such as the preparation of the extra - low temperature conservation and the use of the technology for the protection of chilled , frozen organs , and the prevention and control of the use of the word .
the technology has provided important lessons for the long - term keeping and successful recovery of the human organs .
( international ) greek foreign minister calls for cutting military spending simultaneously
xinhua news agency , athens , january 17 ( reporter wen jiabao ) greece 's foreign minister and the ruling president of the pan - greek socialist movement , the greek foreign minister and the greek government today called on greece and turkey to gradually reduce military spending .
he said that if the pan - greek community wins the general election on march 7 , he would take this policy as an important diplomatic goal of the government .
the relations between greece and turkey have improved significantly in recent years , and the two countries have entered a new historical period , the spokesman said .
he said : although all problems have been resolved , new conditions have been created and the road of negotiations has been established .
he held that 2004 will be a year of decisive significance for the formulation of a regional peace and security policy .
the two countries of greece and turkey are nato member countries , but there are conflicts and contradictions between the two sides on the issue of the aegean sea , territorial air space , and the demarcation of the island continental shelf and the normalization of relations between the two countries .
in recent years , greece has pursued a policy of improving relations with turkey , and has no longer obstructed the entry of turkey into the eu and the improvement of relations between the two countries .
( international ) china and azerbaijan sign agreement on economic and technological cooperation
xinhua news agency , tirana , january 19 ( reporter wang hongqi and chen feng ) the chinese government and the albanian government signed an agreement on economic and technological cooperation in tirana on the 19th , on behalf of the two governments .
according to the agreement , china will provide albania with a free aid worth 15 million yuan , which will be used for economic and technological cooperation projects agreed by the two governments , or the chinese side will provide general materials to albania .
after the signing ceremony , the kazakh government thanked the chinese government for providing aid gratis and congratulated the chinese people on the spring festival .
he said the signing of the agreement shows the friendship between azerbaijan and china and the close cooperation between the two countries in various fields .
in the future , the friendly and cooperative relations between the two countries based on mutual trust will be further strengthened .
tian said that china has provided albania with free aid to express the friendly feelings of the chinese government and people toward the albanian government and people , and at the same time reflects the traditional friendship and cooperation between the two countries .
( international ) us troops killed three non - iraqi arabs in iraq
xinhua news agency , baghdad , january 19 ( reporter li jizhi and nie xiaoyang ) the iraqi police revealed on the 19 th that the us military troops in iraq killed two people and one syrian in a weapon search operation in the southern suburbs of baghdad on the same day .
the police said that the us military discovered the three people in an operation to search for " the bases of the dead terrorists , " and the us military opened fire to death three people .
the us military then raided the house and seized some rifles , grenades , and explosives .
a yemeni woman was also arrested at the scene .
us and iraqi officials believe that some foreign religious extremists are entering iraq along the border of the relaxation of defense , cooperating with the anti - us forces in iraq , and launching terrorist attacks on the occupation of the coalition forces and the pro - us people .
on 18 april , a suicide attacker detonated a huge car bomb at the door of the coalition headquarters in baghdad 's downtown area , killing 24 people and injuring over 100 people , and most of the victims were iraqis .
( international ) silicon valley unemployment rate indicates a recovery in us high - tech industry
xinhua news agency , los angeles , january 19 ( reporter yan liang ) - an influential economic development research organization in the silicon valley in the united states issued a report a few days ago , saying that the unemployment rate in the silicon valley is declining rapidly .
this is a clear signal that the high - tech industry in the region has begun to recover .
in the annual report " the silicon valley economic index 2004 " of the non - profit organization , the unemployment rate between the second quarter of 2002 and the second quarter of 2003 decreased from 10 percent in the previous year to 5 percent .
the report said that with the gradual recovery of high - tech industries , the unemployment rate will continue to decline .
the challenge facing the economic development in the silicon valley is that a large number of highly trained high - tech workers are required to fill new jobs in the future .
the report said that among the high - tech industries in silicon valley , the unemployment rate in the biotechnology industry was the lowest , and the recovery momentum was the most obvious . the number of risk investment in the silicon valley in 2003 was the same as the computer software industry for the first time .
the report said that biotechnology industry will play an increasingly important role in the economic development of the silicon valley .
the report also showed that the average pay of employees in the second quarter of 2002 to the second quarter of 2003 decreased for the third consecutive year , but the decline has dropped from 6 percent in the previous year to 1.5 percent .
silicon valley is still a rich region in the united states , with an average annual salary of 6.24 million us dollars , 60 percent higher than the average of the united states .
however , the level of consumption in this region is 47% higher than that of the whole country .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) tung chee - hwa , chief executive of the hong kong special administrative region [ sar ] , delivered a spring festival message
xinhua news agency , hong kong , january 21 , " the spring festival begins , and the land has turned a new plane into a new plane . "
on the eve of the lunar new year , tung chee - hwa , chief executive of the hong kong special administrative region , and his wife , tung chee - hwa , issued a message on television , radio , and the internet to wish the hong kong and hong kong people a happy new year .
tung chee - hwa said that this year 's spring festival is of special significance to the people of hong kong , and is especially joyful .
after many years of difficulties , hong kong has been plagued by the economic downturn , the unemployment rate has declined , deflation has become more relaxed , the property market has stabilized , and the mainland 's most close economic and trade relations have begun to take effect .
tung chee - hwa said : " what is more gratifying is that our efforts over the past years have laid a good foundation for further promoting hong kong 's economic restructuring and development . "
he expressed the hope that all of you will have a smooth new year .
tung chee - hwa said that the hong kong community has reached a consensus on the way forward , and that everyone is facing a new opportunity .
the new year is the monkey year .
" svmonkey " resides with great vitality and vigor .
as long as the government and the broad masses of the people continue to work hard , and with the strong support of the central government , hong kong will certainly be able to do what it is going to do .
( international ) secretary general of the arab league calls on the united states not to impose " democracy " on the middle east
xinhua news agency , geneva , january 21 , the secretary - general of the arab league ( arab league ) , moussa , urged the united states to discuss democracy with arab countries on the 21 st and not to impose democracy on the middle east .
in an interview with reporters during the annual meeting of the world economic forum held in davos , switzerland , moussa said : " if they ( americans ) want to realize democracy in the middle east , they will best honor their commitment and first realize democracy in iraq . "
he said : the league is the best partner to discuss democratic reform in the middle east with the united states .
" as long as you raise your views and are willing to listen to our views , anything can be discussed .
we do not oppose democracy , but democracy is not an immediate action or order for immediate implementation . "
moussa pointed out that the us government has not let people believe that the occupation of iraq will bring " democracy " to this country .
" they said that they went to iraq for the sake of showing a model of democracy to us .
so far , we have never seen anything . "
china 's tourism industry estimated to be 487.4 billion yuan in 2003
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 22 ( reporter sun yuxi ) the total international and domestic revenue of china 's tourism industry is estimated to be 47.4 billion yuan in 2003 , a decrease of 12.4 percent over the previous year , but the results are good .
according to the national tourism administration , the total number of inbound tourism in 2003 was 9.1 million , of which 1.13 million were foreign visitors , 32.7 million were tourists , and 17.3 billion us dollars in foreign exchange earnings .
the total number of domestic tourists was 8.77 billion yuan , while the domestic tourism revenue was 34.2 billion yuan , a drop of 0.9 percent and 11.2 percent respectively over the previous year .
a responsible official of the national tourism administration said that in 2004 , the tourism industry will strive for a comprehensive recovery of the tourist market , continue to promote the prosperity and development of the domestic tourism market , and carry out in - depth rectification of the tourist market order .
at the same time , it is necessary to do a good job in the theme of " people living in the people 's livelihood " and concentrate on planning and implementing a number of new tourist products that reflect the lives of the chinese people .
( international ) economists predict that the united states is the biggest winner of the us dollar devaluation
xinhua news agency , davos , switzerland , january 23 ( reporter li jie ) - the 34 th annual meeting of the world economic forum , which is being held in davos , switzerland , held a special discussion on the issue of the us dollar devaluation , and some experts predict that the united states will be the biggest winner of the us dollar 's sustained low exchange rate .
most of the economists attending the meeting held that us officials , including us secretary of treasury john garner , seem to have given up the " strong us dollar policy " that has been pursued in recent years .
the us dollar 's low exchange rate will provide greater economic development space and more job opportunities for the united states . this is very obvious in the manufacturing sector .
at the same time , the depreciation of the us dollar has made us products more competitive in the domestic and foreign markets , which will help the united states fill its trade deficit .
however , experts believe that a weak dollar will also have a negative impact on the united states .
first of all , the us stock market may continue to be sluggish , and the value of various kinds of investment may decrease , and foreign investors will be worried about a further decline in the us dollar , and second , import commodities will lead to a decline in the living standards of the americans , and third , the us dollar is likely to trigger trade and financial turmoil .
however , the us dollar 's depreciation will be even more serious in its crackdown on europe , japan , and canada .
after the decline in the us dollar exchange rate , the pressure of european exports increased , and this caused the european economy to be pushed into an all - round recession .
china to accelerate the development of electronic products in automobile , medical , and other fields
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 26 ( reporter feng xiaofang ) - china will speed up the development of all types of electronic products , such as automobile electronic , machine tools , electronic communications , and medical electronics , so as to expand the development space of the electronic information industry and meet the needs of all industries .
a responsible person of the ministry of information industry said : in the course of promoting and applying information technology , the transformation and upgrading of traditional enterprises is one of the focal points .
promoting the application of information technology in all trades and industries and raising the market share of china - made products and equipment is not only a need to transform traditional industries , but also a rare development opportunity for the electronic information industry .
it has been learned that while expanding the development space of the electronic information industry and satisfying the needs of all industries , it is also necessary to support the building of a public technical service system , support the research and development company that has the strength , and provide technical support and support for the application of information technology in key industries through providing technical standards and testing environment .
at the same time , it is necessary to develop such businesses as technical service , management consultation , and systematic integration , and support a number of systems - intensive and applied service providers to promote the development of the new - type information service industry .
( international ) japanese exports reach record high in 2003
xinhua news agency , tokyo , january 26 ( by yue shaoyan ) japan 's import and export trade volume reached a record high in 2003 , with a trade surplus of 10.1 trillion yen in three years , according to statistics released by the japanese finance ministry on the 26 th .
in exports , japan 's exports to the united states decreased by 9.8 percent over the previous year , but exports to asia grew by 12.9 percent .
this not only made up some of the decrease in japan 's exports to the united states , but also caused japan 's total exports to increase by 4.7 percent last year to a record 54.598 trillion yen .
in the import of oil and natural gas , japan 's total imports increased by 5 percent over the previous year to 44.202 trillion yen , a record high in the same period .
japan 's trade surplus in 2003 was 10.237 trillion yen , an increase of 3.6 percent over the previous year .
guangdong private enterprises in fact topped state - owned and holding enterprises for the first time in the past
xinhua news agency , guangzhou , january 26 ( by chen jianyi ) - - the real number of the private enterprises in guangdong province in the first few times in 2003 exceeded the state - owned and the holding enterprises , and the domestic - funded enterprises have been effectively adjusted .
according to statistics , by the end of 2003 , there were 690,000 enterprises ( including domestic enterprises , private enterprises , and foreign - invested enterprises ) in the whole province , an increase of 0.59 percent over the end of last year .
within this total , the number of domestic - funded enterprises decreased by 16.4 percent over the end of last year , and the registered capital of 1.1902 billion yuan was up 0.9% , and the registered capital of private enterprises was 42.23 million yuan , up 24.9 percent and 33.8 percent respectively , and the registered capital stood at 5.52 million us dollars , up 3.6 percent and 4.1 percent respectively .
in fact , private enterprises have for the first time exceeded the state - owned and their holding enterprises .
in the course of structural adjustment , although the number of households in state - owned and holding enterprises has decreased , their strength has gradually increased , and their registered capital ( gold ) has reached 360,000 yuan , up 20 percentage points from the end of 2002 .
according to statistics , the number of new registered enterprises in the whole province totaled 10.50 million in 2003 , and the number of new enterprises in the whole province dropped by 2.2 percent .
the number of domestic - funded enterprises decreased by 17.6 percent over the same period last year , and the number of private enterprises was 8.16 million , and the number of foreign - invested enterprises was 65.1 million , an increase of 29% and 0.08 percent respectively over the same period last year .
the proportion of domestic , private , and foreign - invested enterprises in the total number of new registered enterprises is 16 : 78 . 6 .
( international ) the wto has already submitted the " berde subsidies " dispute to arbitration
xinhua news agency , geneva , january 26 ( reporter li jie ) the world trade organization ( wto ) announced on the 26 th that the appeal of the eu and other seven wto members to impose sanctions on the united states on the us has already been submitted to the arbitration institutions .
this sanctions came from the fact that the united states has failed to annul the " burton amendment " within the time limit stipulated by the wto .
the us congress adopted the " bill on the sideline " in 2000 , calling on the us government to make a direct subsidy to us companies that have been fined in the anti - dumping and anti - subsidy cases , and not to hand over to the us department of finance .
this move of the united states has met with opposition from major trading partners , including the eu and japan .
the wto eventually ruled in january 2003 that the amendment violated the global trade rules and demanded that the united states abolish it before december 27 , 2003 .
however , the united states has not implemented the wto 's ruling .
for this reason , the eu , japan , canada , brazil , india , the republic of korea , mexico , and chile recently applied to the wto , asking for permission to levy the amount of tax on some of the products from the united states , which is equivalent to the amount of us government subsidies .
however , the united states subsequently questioned the level of sanctions and the legality of the sanctions .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) retail business in hong kong increases by 10 percent
xinhua news agency , hong kong , january 28 , the hong kong retail management association revealed that during the lunar new year , hong kong 's retail sales situation was ideal , and the industry reflected that the average volume of retail sales increased by 10 percent , and the growth rate of some shopping malls was more than two and 30 percent .
the chairman of the hong kong retail management association , mr yu pang - chun , said a few days ago that individual tourists from the mainland have brought along the consumer atmosphere in hong kong , and the sales situation of hong kong 's retail industries , such as jewellery , clothing and other industries , have increased by two to 30 percent , and some of the mainland tourists ' consumption accounts for about 10 percent of the total business volume .
he said : the use of renminbi cards by mainland visitors in hong kong has obviously stimulated the way of spring festival markets , and the average amount of signed accounts reached 3,000 yuan per time , and the consumption of individual mainland tourists has reached more than 10,000 yuan .
last year , total retail sales decreased by 4% , affected by sars .
mr yu estimated that with the economic recovery , hong kong 's retail sales performance would grow at a moderate rate this year , but there would also be an increase in the price of goods as a result of increased costs .
he expressed the belief that hong kong 's deflation would improve this year .
( international ) new danish move to restrict immigration
xinhua news agency , stockholm , january 28 , copenhagen news : the danish government submitted a new bill to the parliament on the 28 th to restrict immigration .
under the bill , children born in denmark will no longer have the right to automatically obtain the denmark nationality .
the bill is the latest measure taken by the danish liberal party leader rasmussen since he took office as prime minister in november 2001 .
according to reports , the bill is likely to be passed by the parliament , because the liberal party has won the support of the right - wing people 's party on the issue of migration .
the bill requires foreigners who have been born in denmark to apply for a nationality in the same way as other immigrants , rather than automatically obtaining a nationality .
those who have obtained nationality groups will be deprived of their nationality if they have committed a criminal offence of serious harm to society .
in the past two years , the danish government has introduced a series of measures to restrict immigration , including the issuance of long - term permits and limitations of migrants to denmark .
the number of foreign victims in denmark dropped from 1,4347 in 1993 to 3,500 in 2003 , the government said .
denmark 's image of freedom and human rights has been damaged as a result .
what singapore has achieved cannot be considered as a matter of course .
even if science and technology are developed again , i do not believe that people can maintain a higher standard of living and the quality of life , the employment of the whole people , and the constant increase in salary .
these beautiful things are not natural .
only when we understand the interests of the whole people and make difficult compromise and necessary adjustments can we have a better future .
what will be singapore 's next 20 years ?
we all hope to foresee the future , but it is hard to predict the future .
many factors are not under singapore 's control .
the development of many issues is determined by the development of the world situation .
we do n't know when we 'll have a problem , and this involves many times .
for example , it is impossible to predict that the three singaporean people travel to hong kong , as a result of being infected with the sand virus .
in less than one month after the spring festival , three extraordinarily serious safety accidents have occurred in china , and dozens of people have died every time .
the frequency of the accident and the heavy losses of life have caused people to despair .
in the past few months , the gas explosion in chongqing 's petroleum gas pipeline , the frequent gas explosion in several coal mines , and the vicious traffic accident that occurred frequently have killed several hundred people .
china has a vast territory and a densely populated population . the probability of disaster is much more than that of other countries , and it will lead to the death of tens of people or even hundreds of people . this is a reality in objective conditions .
however , generally speaking , the death accident in china is still too frequent .
in many disasters , there were many such incidents as fire explosions , coal mines explosions , and firecrackers as well as passenger traffic accidents .
this shows at least the two problems : first , the safety measures in these areas are the most weak , and the second is that people have not drawn lessons from the past tragedy , so that similar incidents can continue to happen again .
when singapore 's economy was growing at a high speed in the past , a serious fire accident occurred in the past , and its tragic memory was still deep , but it also quickly enhanced singapore 's awareness of security in public places .
at present , china is also in a period of great economic growth and a large - scale social transformation .
although the number of accidents involving foreign women , who worked in hong kong , was not high in the ratio , the number of accidents in the family , in the light of the relative safety environment of women 's domestic work , was after all not in line with the small number of injuries and injuries .
according to information , from january 1999 to june 2003 , 99 women of various nationalities died in the crash .
these figures are a broken family of the daughter and the mother who can avoid the misfortune , and at the same time , we must make every effort to reduce the number of regrets to the lowest level .
according to a recent statement issued by the indonesian embassy , 96 indonesian women died while working in singapore in 1999 , and some of them died in high - rise buildings .
in view of the crash of women 's maids , the indonesian government has repeatedly expressed dissatisfaction and formulated new regulations to more strictly control the quality of the indonesian women 's maids , and protect the safety of women , but the problem has not been solved .
what makes people feel deeply perplexed is that the number of deaths and injuries caused by passenger workers on construction sites is even higher than the number of casualties in the construction site , and the number of women 's maids accidents is so high that people cannot but think about it , and it is more necessary to find out the background and cause .
chen kong - li , an expert on the taiwan issue from the mainland , recently published a new " observation of taiwan . "
most of the articles in the book have been written in taiwan 's first political party in march 2000 , and up to chen shui - bian 's proposal of " one country , two systems " is the author 's observation and reflection of taiwan 's internal situation and cross - strait relations during the period of " listening to his words and watching his deeds . "
the article written two years ago has been published two years ago , and this shows that the mainland 's examination of the literary and artistic theory on taiwan affairs has been very complicated , and the process has been long , and the " observation of taiwan " is not easy to come by .
for a long period of time , when observing and studying the taiwan issue , chen kong - li has always sought truth from facts , seeking truth from facts , and not being restricted by any subjective political conventions , and working hard to explore the true insight of the elicited group .
after reading this book , this feature has made people more deeply impressed .
since the early 1980 s , the study of the taiwan issue has become a " prominent study " in the mainland , and various research institutions have emerged one after another , and various kinds of scholars and experts have also cut a striking figure and displayed their ability .
overseas , people usually divide the mainland 's taiwan research institutions into the north and the south .
the position of the northern faction is relatively close to the government , and the remarks are rather tough , and in certain specific historical stages or major political developments , it has been more aggressive in the course of development .
the taiwan research institutions in the south of the yangtze river are mainly located in the south of the yangtze river , including shanghai and fujian .
japanese media have revealed that koizumi 's " two - year - old academic qualifications " of " studying abroad in london " was a matter of fact .
the japanese " post weekly " confirmed to the london university , that during the nine months in britain , koizumi only attended a few of the entrance exam to the university , and did not have any degree of education .
this scandal has been scrambled by the big and small media in china to report or turn it over , so that the broad masses of compatriots will be able to express their support .
indeed , the prime minister of a country has gone so far as to fabricate false education and deceive the people in his country .
in particular , japan , a " imperialist " , is ashamed of itself .
however , if we can change the angle , we may see some positive significance in this scandal .
moreover , these positive things are precisely what we lack and we need to improve as soon as possible .
in recent years , we have always advocated " integrity , " and should " create a sunshine government , " and respect the public 's " right to know the right to know " , and enhance the " transparency " of administrative affairs . however , there is still a very large gap between the fact and the ideal .
you think that a country 's prime minister 's certificate of " dilution " was not that big thing , but it was exposed by the media and was hotly pursued by the media .
what is such a country that cannot be " sunshine " ?
in the evening of taiwan 's election , the various major camps will use the tour vehicles to send the masses to the meeting hall , but the recent situation is that the evening party of chen shui - bian and lu are in the same breath as the song - song .
not long ago , when the taiwan president chen shui - bian went to a certain northern part of the country to shouted the " garlic ( election ) " , half of the people in taiwan did not have the face of the people , and the local people had to make investments in the mainland , and the three direct links had been delayed , and the financial and economic policies were not satisfactory .
if there is no accident , when taiwan 's presidential election is in the midst of a proclamation , from the opinion poll to the underground bunch , it should be assumed that chen lu will be defeated .
unless there is a more serious case of the pan - blue , such as the big split or embarrassment scandal , it will be difficult for chen shui - bian , who has won a big victory under lee teng - hui 's rule , to prove that he has not been able to win the people 's support in the past four years , and on the contrary , the role and performance of the green camp in the past and the low - grade , have been constantly given the people 's confidence .
in the face of the pan - blue forces that may be reelected , how should beijing look at it ?
first of all , it should be learned that the pan - blue army , which may be recontrolled , is no longer a pure party of the kmt , but a combination of blue oranges , as well as the issue of whether the traditional and type of convergence are in place .
the close cooperation during the election period is not regarded as an inevitable relationship in the future .
if it is expected that the election will take a considerable time to be integrated within the party , then the election of the legislative yuan at the end of the year will be very difficult for the lien - soong regime to make a major change in cross - strait relations .
unless it is aware of the improvement of cross - strait relations , it can add to taiwan 's internal politics , and is able to achieve results within a short period of time , and the most important thing is to make the people feel this achievement .
against this background , beijing should temporarily relax its actions to promote reunification , and to consolidate the internal situation of the leaders of the " traditional blue camp . "
in july 1945 , the united states conducted its first nuclear explosion in the state of new mexico , and since it dropped two bombs to japan in august of the same year , it has been more than half a century .
although the arms race between the two superpowers of the united states and the soviet union has brought the nuclear weapons to the point that the world is sufficient to destroy the whole world , both sides have realized the danger of nuclear war and avoided the button .
after the disintegration of the soviet union and the world entered the post - cold war era , the danger of a large - scale nuclear war was basically eliminated .
at the same time , however , the danger of nuclear proliferation is not reduced , but an increase .
the phenomenon of such proliferation is manifested in two aspects .
first , some countries with considerable resources and strength have , out of the purpose of regional hegemony , confrontation with neighboring countries , and maintaining security or promoting blackmail and diplomacy , in a bid to create and possess nuclear weapons through various means .
the other is a group of non - governmental organizations in some non - countries , especially the extremist islamic forces that have strong hatred for the western world , and they are also trying by every possible means to seek small nuclear weapons , and do not hesitate to hurt a large number of innocent people and carry out bloody terrorist activities in the west .
under this demand , intermediaries engaged in the transfer of nuclear weapons and related technology and the sale and purchase of the " nuclear black market " should have emerged , and their scale is increasing day by day , becoming an important part of the world 's nuclear proliferation .
as a descendant of the chinese nation , which was born in the hangzhou xiaohu region , the rural scene and the peasants ' living conditions in the old days are still in my memory .
after returning to the home of the same year , we found that in the middle of the three - storey building , which was full of the green farmland in the shanghai - hangzhou expressway , the peasants were living on the ground .
this is really astonishing , and it is difficult for me to believe that such a great change will take place in our native land , which is still in the countryside of other countries .
however , recently , some reports of literature and scholars on china 's rural situation have been seen on the internet , and they cannot help but feel greatly surprised and shocked .
i do n't think that there is still such a dark and covert face in china 's rural areas , and the chinese peasants are still suffering from such a humiliating and difficult life .
chen guidi and his wife , after the on - the - spot interview in the rural areas of the three provinces of anhui , henan , and hebei , published a long - term report entitled " china 's rural investigation " , and gave the peasants a request , thus causing a shock to the chinese society .
they have reached such a conclusion from the large number of facts that the peasants have been subjected to corrupt officials , and even the innocent killing , that is , " when we are approaching the chinese peasants , we have never been shocked and the pain of the past , and we have seen that you cannot imagine the poor , and we can not imagine that we can not be able to be able to make the struggle , and that we can not be unimaginable . "
this is really something that can be said to have a blood relationship .
the new general election will be held in the near future , the prime minister of malaysia , the day before yesterday , announced the dissolution of the parliament .
to dublin , the election will be a major event of great significance in its political career , and will be of a symbolic significance to the political situation and its development trend in malaysia .
in november last year , the aruba held the leadership power from maharashemi , but it has been only four months .
despite this , he still decided to dissolve the congress and advance the general election .
this includes at least two meanings : first , abdura is satisfied with the performance of his administration over the past four months , and is full of confidence in the voters ' vote , and second , he hopes to consolidate his own power base through this way so that he can get out of the shadow of the maharashy .
undoubtedly , the decision to hold a flashing - style election reflects that he has made a comprehensive assessment of the domestic political situation .
the current economic situation in macedonia is not good , nor does it exist any topics that can be taken by the opposition party to stir up trouble and make use of it .
in addition , since dublin took office , some relatively high visibility measures have been taken in the fight against corruption , including the arrest of former minister of land and cooperation , and the development of the former land and cooperative news agency , which has been highly praised to a certain extent , and the public has been optimistic about the future anti - corruption action .
at the same time , he called for enhancing the efficiency of civil service , and this was also a move that encouraged the people .
since the day of its birth , the eu 's growth and the nature of its growth have been greatly affected by french politics and culture .
in the diplomatic field , the united states has to strive for independence and independence , and its attitude and methods of handling world affairs are different from the united states . this is the direction of the european union 's foreign policy . it can be seen clearly from the shadow of france .
it is precisely because of this that the international community , including china , russia , and arab countries , hopes to see the rise of the eu , and hopes to see a complete and independent force in international exchanges .
it must be recognized that since the end of the 1980 's , the eu has indeed made efforts in foreign affairs in this direction .
in december 1992 , the heads of state of the eu countries unanimously agreed at the maastricht summit that all member states will implement a unified foreign policy in order to use the same standard to speak to the outside world .
however , two years later , the so - called " unified foreign policy " was completely defeated in the handling of the bosnia - herzegovina issue .
from the maastricht treaty to today , the eu 's foreign policy over the past 10 years is not good enough .
especially , the foreign policy of the european union is completely unable to withstand the test of major events .
the different positions adopted by the member states in the us - iraq war have not only proved this point , but also fully exposed the political defects of the eu , that is , it is very easy to be ruled by other big countries .
on 24 february , president bush announced at the white house that he would support the constitutional amendment to the prohibition of marriage .
this is a clear change in his vague and ambiguous attitude over the past few months on this issue , and represents the important development of the us presidential election year .
this constitutional amendment , which prohibits the marriage of the same sex , is a very powerful political weapon in the southern part of the republican party , but it also has a great negative effect , that is , in the united states , it is a heavy cultural controversy of splitting the people 's will , and this will undoubtedly aggravate the polarization of the us politics and further relax the guiding ideology of the far - reaching liberals on both sides of the strait .
as far as the general election in 2000 is concerned , bush himself is obviously different from his words and deeds when he declares that he is " a member of the cyl . "
in addition , the position of the younger generation in the united states on the homosexuals issue is becoming more and more open , and although bush 's move is short - term , it will harm the long - term interests of the republican party .
the new bush " constitutional amendment " offensive can be called the " chiashan strategy " of the presidential election this year .
bush has adopted this strategy because he has become increasingly weak in the two important topics of the " anti - terrorism " war and the economic and employment - - - - - - - - - instead of opening up a new battlefield on the issue of religious and cultural issues of splitting the domestic people .
the us attitude so far is still prudent .
in other words , due to the maintenance of the status quo in the taiwan strait , the united states will be able to meet the long - term goals of the united states in the strategic balance of the mainland , so as to avoid political and military conflicts with china due to the encouragement of taiwan independence .
it can be seen that it is impossible for the united states to thoroughly eliminate the space for a referendum to be held in taiwan in accordance with beijing 's demands , but out of its own interests , it will also take some early - warning actions .
recently , us secretary of state powell took the initiative to reiterate the established policy toward taiwan and took the initiative to show the us stand of opposing taiwan independence .
this kind of expression of attitude has been interpreted by the outside world as an attempt to contain and prevent chen shui - bian from coming to the devil .
some us think - tank figures with official background have recently made some remarks and the united states will send a large number of spy vessels to the taiwan strait to detect cross - strait military movements in the near future . all these have proved that the united states is very concerned about the situation in the taiwan strait .
from another angle , it shows that although the united states will not conduct a referendum in accordance with beijing 's demand , it is also worried about the uncertainty about the situation in the taiwan strait during this period .
any large - scale and one - on - one election can only produce a result in the end , or chen shui - bian [ chen shuibian ] will be reelected , or lien chan [ lian zhan ] will be reentering the taiwan presidential palace .
what is worried is that under the condition of the lack of symmetrical information , people of all walks of life on the mainland have not been mentally prepared for chen shui - bian 's possible victory .
if the election result is not willing , it will again put beijing in a passive position .
" the chaos of the day is even more terrible than the 1,000 - year - old administration . "
is this what the northeast asian countries are worried about at present ?
i think the answer is probably affirmation .
a well - known research and development center , which is close to washington and funded by the us government , has explored the four decision - making options for the dprk 's nuclear crisis , namely , exchanges , blockade , economic sanctions , and preemptive strikes .
regional countries ' attitude towards these strategies is the focus of the survey .
in addition , the investigation also analyzed the threat posed by the north korean nuclear weapons program in accordance with the possibility and damage caused by the north korean people 's nuclear attack and their fear .
china and russia feel that the danger of the use of nuclear weapons by the dprk is low or very low , while japan and the south korean people think it is a great threat .
all northeast asian countries have agreed to maintain contacts with the dprk .
japan , on the other hand , supports blockade and other countries also believe that under certain circumstances , the containment strategy is acceptable .
singapore is very concerned about the international ranking , and in the first year , it is paying close attention to the various countries that european and us institutions have put on the list .
there is naturally an increase in the rank of the best in the world , and we have taken note of this .
however , there are quite a few irritations of the first model .
the people in general feel that the world is too afraid of losing the game , and it seems that they are proud of their ranking .
as a result , people said that we should have a more toast , and it is best to compete with the world .
since many people were very disappointed with the world ranking in the past , a strange phenomenon has emerged : people seem to no longer regard " world first " as a good news , but are more inclined to regard this as an embarrassing thing .
however , the situation has changed over the past two years .
we are skeptical about the long - term competitiveness of the country , and people of all trades and professions are worried that they will be able to maintain their own rice bowl .
as a result , we began to talk about this and had a toast .
the fierce international competition may lead to a head - on decline in the international competition , and the first model may easily become a model of backwardness .
on the surface , bush made a rude remark on cheney , and at the end of last month 's republican party governor meeting , bush also solemnly and solemnly assured that cheney was not the second candidate of vice president .
but he also jokingly said that as in 2000 , he had appointed cheney as a candidate for vice president .
cheney , who has always kept a low - key position in hiding one 's time , has recently made frequent contacts with the media to deny that he will be replaced .
but he has gone up for himself .
he said that if the problem is healthy , or if he really becomes the president , he will be able to get rid of the difficulties .
cheney was 63 and had four heart - to - heart records .
recently , it has been learned that the us military has actually been in the midst of the september 11 criminal gangs , and it is only time for the united states to have the right to hide the enemy .
the presidential election was held on november 2 . it is reported that the pentagon has arranged a good show of arrest of osama in october .
however , the long night long dream , if the msa has become a fish of leakage , will end up in the end .
it seems that zhu rongji 's loss is a trump card for bush to win more votes .
the fight for the us presidential election in 2004 has been confirmed : democratic candidate george w. bush is challenging the incumbent president of the republican party .
they began to carry out advertising , publicity , and campaign debate on " hot - body activities " before the election in november .
they are likely to bypass the three major issues of war , economy , and society , and engage in a battle of words and deeds .
bush held that war is closely related to us national security , and sending troops to saddam and anti - terrorism are all for the sake of ensuring us security , so he kept saying that " we are in war . "
it is natural that bush 's abuse of the erroneous intelligence of iraq 's weapons of mass destruction is not to launch a war against iraq .
speaking about the economy , koehler said that bush 's tax cut plan is beneficial to the rich and could not create new employment opportunities .
bush called keli : is the current us economic data not the most important ?
as far as social issues are concerned , bush is opposed to the marriage of the same sex , and is opposed to the death of the child , and he is opposed to the marriage of the same sex , while he is against the death of a child .
how can bush and clinton give their respective views on the three major issues and convince voters through advertisements , television , and speech , this is a political show that they will perform in the next eight months .
however , on the diplomatic issue , however , there is room for keley to engage in acting on a large scale .
according to information , young people aged between 15 and 19 are still young people aged between 10 and 14 .
it is generally believed that the academic pressure is the guide for children and young people to commit suicide , but the study found that the problem of feelings , especially the problem of love between men and women , and the problem of getting along with their parents , is the main cause for the local youths to find their own .
the pressure and expectations of the school sector are , of course , also within the scope of communication between parents and children .
the pressure of further studies is the unavoidable burden on local students , sometimes it is for them to give them up , many times more parents and children .
the parents have asked the children to do a good job , and if they do not move to other children , they are required to strive for the upper reaches of their children , and they will not be under the pressure of the pressure , but they will be able to measure the consequences of the child 's relationship .
if the children 's performance is not becoming increasingly ideal , the parents will be blamed for the failure of the children , and even the children feel that they are disappointed , and the child will undoubtedly push the children to the absolute situation of seeking help .
it has been learned that many young people who need to receive the counselling and guidance have been perplexed by the high expectations of their parents to advance into the dead corner .
the success and rapid development of singapore has made the parents feel that the current material conditions of the sons and daughters are much better than in the past , and it is inevitable that their children should be more outstanding than themselves .
normally , the parents have forgotten that they are still children , but in fact they may not be particularly outstanding in all aspects .
at the age of one and a half , the overwhelming majority of children were sent to various organs to carry out a complete totals , and the authorities only collected a bit of the child 's fee for a week or even one month to return to their home .
today , singapore is faced with a social problem of declining fertility and aging population .
in order to maintain the modern standard of living and the fashion - style material enjoyment of the people , the younger generation still has the energy to respond to the government 's earlier marriage and early release .
the author had a bold proposal : the government should take on its own and accept new children .
the people of our country only need to manage their own life , and do not need to worry about the problem of child birth .
on the one hand , the government has set up a full - scale kindergarten , and has changed primary schools to full - time and even provided three services to pay for the citizens .
this not only can solve the problem of employment of the unemployed population , but also is not necessary for the government to make use of the measures such as giving birth to the baby , increasing the quality of production , and increasing the quality of women 's rebates , and tax rebates .
what beijing needs to do is not only a leading member of the six - party talks , but also a long - term interest in china on the korean peninsula , not to take preventive measures , and to make strategic arrangements as soon as possible .
specifically , beijing should , on the one hand , urge the dprk to give up nuclear weapons , and on the other hand , start from the transformation of kim chong - il 's regime , and use the road of modern civilization to eliminate the danger of nuclear war in northeast asia , and maintain the status quo of the korean peninsula , so as to get a bargaining chip with the united states for a long time .
it is true in pyongyang , but in fact , it is very eager to develop the economy and integrate it with the international community .
however , such aspirations are often shown in the external form of being strong , irrational , and sometimes even totally unsuited to international rules .
in fact , for a period of time , beijing has used its influence and economic aid means to force pyongyang to change its stance that is not in line with international rules .
however , this operation is still in full swing .
beijing 's aid to pyongyang should not be limited to the economic level , and should be extended to other areas of society , and should not be limited to pyongyang 's giving up its nuclear program , and should also focus on the road of the introduction of modern civilization .
in the beginning of the competition , there was no one who had a good view , and all of the focal points were concentrated on the former governor of montreal state .
however , in january , prior to the meeting of the party group of the garment state , the army suddenly won the most crucial meeting and the election of the party group of the new hampshire , and the new hampshire .
in the next state of the election , the state has basically not lost its hands , and those who have lost their hands are all because the state has their own candidates for the election .
in the six - week period , from a candidate with almost no future , to the last candidate , all his competitors , including the scott , liman , clark , and edwards , have been in the limelight . this can not help people to see the political charm of the kremlin .
in his 19 - year career , the senator has always supported the falling and the policy of environmental protection , opposed the tax cut plan to benefit the rich , and worked hard to raise the minimum wages , and hoped to solve the problem of global warming .
his work experience in washington has shown his courage to face social difficulties , dare to challenge authority , and to pursue value and not fearing the interests of a small number of people .
china 's policy of reform and opening up began , and rural residents were the first to benefit from this policy .
however , since the 1990 's , however , because of the economic policy , the agricultural reform has been basically in a state of stagnation , and the gap between urban and rural areas has become increasingly big .
for a long time , china has seen two entirely different worlds , one is a highly prosperous city , and one is poor and backward village .
as far as the chinese government is concerned , the widening of the gap between the rich and the poor in china 's urban and rural areas is a " developing issue , " so it is still necessary to resolve the problem through sustained development .
in other words , china 's coastal areas and cities should continue to develop , rather than being affected by rural issues .
however , when we see some big cities that have been able to make a little change for one year or three years , people can not help but ask : why has some poor areas not changed in the past few decades ?
of course , the way of development in the urban and rural areas is very different , and this is a fact that we should acknowledge that the problem is that when we have invested a large amount of funds in urban construction and when we are encouraging and supporting the middle class , the population of the rural areas , which accounts for 70 percent of the total population in the whole country , has been concerned about and attached great importance to ?
in terms of theory , all previous chinese governments must not pay attention to the issues of agriculture , rural areas , and peasants .
however , over the past few years , the situation in the rural areas has become increasingly difficult and worse , and this shows that the degree of importance it attaches is increasing .
in any country , public security , inspection , and law should be the symbol of justice and justice , as well as the most important system for ensuring social stability .
however , unfortunately , the public , inspection , and law have become a symbol of corruption in china .
according to a recent national audit report , the results of the examination of the financial expenditure of public security organs in 26 provinces and municipalities last year showed that the amount of illegal public security funds in the whole country reached 16.5 billion yuan .
the trust crisis of public security , inspection , and law has become open to the public .
the liu yong incident , the sun zhigang incident , and the recent " bmw " incident in heilongjiang all reflected this kind of profound distrust .
the " bmw " incident is more typical .
people 's concern over this issue and even far exceeded the concern of " non - sars " during the " sars ceremony . "
in fact , people 's concern is no longer the " bmw " incident , but is a manifestation of distrust of the entire judicial system .
relevant departments are very clear about this , so they have adopted a boycott against the media not long ago .
however , the problem is still there .
the second round of six - party nuclear talks on the korean peninsula ended in the result that people generally expect .
during the talks , the parties concerned had contacts and tests on the external issues of the peninsula nuclear crisis and reached a consensus on the third round of talks and the establishment of a working group before the end of june this year .
however , on the question of how the dprk should give up its nuclear weapons development program and how the united states should ensure the political and military security of the dprk after the dprk has given up its nuclear program , and how to provide the dprk with energy aid , the talks have not made any progress , but have also given people a feeling of " dead end . "
the two leading characters -- the dprk and the united states have not made any concession , and both sides have not relaxed their basic stance .
however , what attracted people 's attention was that during the talks the united states showed a attitude of not anxious to solve the problem , and this gave people a impression of " delay . "
this strategy shown by the united states is closely related to the new development of the current international situation and the interests it has gained in these new developments .
the united states has never had such a number of company bosses since assuming office as president .
this is a coincidence that the public and investors have gone beyond the limit of the company 's crimes and other illegal activities over the past three years , and have been exposed in the past few years ?
the answer is perhaps not simple , but the recent criminal behavior of many companies is a fact .
this is a good prescription for economic recovery , especially for the recovery of investment confidence .
the late 1990 's may be one of the most chaotic and most difficult stages in the us commercial history , and the impact of the incident will become better and better .
in the end , the name of some companies will have to be weakened into history and can only be found in the textbook of the commercial college .
in addition , under the leadership of the new management team , some companies such as thailand and the mai corp . will strive to reorganize to meet the new round of economic growth .
when will a new round of economic growth come ?
you may have no answer as a full - fledged economy .
this is not important , because greenspan , chairman of the us federal reserve board , does not know how to answer the question .
the bush administration is trying to stimulate the economy , and on the one hand , it wants to greatly increase spending ( especially national defense spending ) , and on the other hand , a large amount of tax cuts .
in the international arena , the bush administration has continued to pursue free trade , but the trade deficit has reached a new high of $ 549 billion .
however , investment and consumption have not increased significantly after a big tax cut .
the new , a famous british economist , gayoom , said that the us economy has been in a predicament , and bush 's financial and economic strategy has been in the limelight .
they believe that the so - called " command of the market law " is only a kind of illusions , which will inevitably lead to the benefits of a small number of people , and the majority of people suffer losses .
people previously held that in the world , the so - called minority of people who benefit from the united states are all developing countries .
now , the facts are not so .
many people in the us economic circles believe that apart from the us - based multinational corporations , india and china are also in a prominent position .
india occupies the field of service economy , while china occupies the field of manufacturing .
people concentrate their energies on the phenomenon of the large amount of us capital and production equipment transfer to china , but they do not see the advantages of china 's high - level and low - income labor market .
first of all , the current taiwan situation is estimated in beijing or outside beijing .
it is estimated that beijing is only clear about it , but it is estimated that the result can be traced back from the public .
over the past four years , the chen shui - bian and annette lu 's pro - independence camp have made clear - cut and clear - cut actions , and the taiwan independence movement has made positive progress .
in contrast , beijing has a high degree of the same attitude , and it seems that it seems to be intransigent to the progress of taiwan independence .
however , since the beginning of last fall , it has been quite different , and it seems that the cows have changed their cars . in the past few months , the ability to handle them has been quite different .
therefore , it can be made clear that taiwan 's time and tide are within its estimation .
second , we will look at foreign affairs in taiwan .
with regard to the development of the situation in the taiwan strait , it is necessary to see that the attitude of the united states and other major countries is relatively close to beijing or close to taipei .
the answer is very clear because the attitude of all countries is open to the public .
so far , the various countries and beijing have not only been relatively close to each other , but have more specific exchanges with taipei , and the two sides have become more specific , and the two sides have been more specific . in addition , they have been praised for taiwan 's democracy , and have also begun to give the " minor heart - to - heart " advice .
