white house urges north korea to send nuclear inspectors to close nuclear reactor
the white house today called for an early dispatch of nuclear inspectors to monitor north korea 's closure of its nuclear reactor after a telephone conversation between us president bush and south korean president roh moo - hyun .
a white house national security council spokesman said that the two leaders " discussed the latest development of us - south korea cooperation on the north korean nuclear issue , and hoped that the iaea inspectors would soon return to north korea to monitor the suspension and closure of the north korean nuclear reactor . "
strong points out that the two presidents also welcomed the us - south korea free trade agreement signed by japan yesterday , and will work to ensure that the two countries ' parliaments approve the agreement .
experts believe that the plutonium that pyongyang has produced in the past 20 years is sufficient to produce 12 nuclear weapons .
after visiting pyongyang last week , us special envoy to the six - party talks hill said he expected the yongbyon nuclear reactor to be closed in mid - july .
43 killed in rainstorms in western india
the western part of india was hit by strong winds and heavy rain on the weekend , some areas were seriously flooded , and all domestic and foreign routes in the western city of bombay were suspended .
a total of 43 people were killed , rescue officials said today .
from june to september every year , strong winds and rainstorms brought by the monsoon often lead to flooding in india , a country with a population of 1.1 billion , and even cause casualties .
during the rainstorms , half of the victims were killed by floods , while others were killed by the collapse of their houses or electric wires .
bombay , india 's financial center , was also affected .
on the 29 th and 30 th , the rainfall in bombay reached 243 degrees .
the chief executive of bombay said 13 people were killed in the city alone .
officials of the city government called on 15 million citizens not to go out of the city before the rainstorms are slightly delayed to safeguard their own safety .
the rain fell slightly yesterday , and most areas in bombay were still flooded today .
nearly 500 killed in rainy season in india
according to officials and media reports , the number of deaths caused by rainstorms in india this year has risen to 474 .
the " news agency of india " quoted the government 's minister in charge of disaster relief and reconstruction affairs , kardan , as saying today that in the past week , various indian provinces have entered the rainy season one after another , resulting in heavy casualties and economic losses in various parts of the country . the province of mahathir , which is located in bombay , the largest city in india , has so far claimed the death toll of 358 .
the report pointed out that kardan made the above remarks to reporters during his inspection tour of bombay .
he said that at the same time , mahathir , the largest cotton - producing province in india , has a vast area of water , including 27 cities and about two thousand villages , and more than 10,000 disaster victims have been relocated to safe shelters .
the whole of india has entered the rainy season from the south to the north one week ago , and the people of all provinces have been greeting the rain with the feeling of the long drought , but the rain has not been expected to come to an end , and the rain has been disastrous , the roads have been turned into rivers , and the traffic in the low - lying areas has been almost paralyzed . so far , nearly 500 people have died of the flooding .
winston lord enters final of winston lord
in the final of the men 's singles , the king of spain , the king of the red - earth , and the king of the world cup , the king of the united states , the king of the republic of spain , on the occasion of the men 's four - strong men 's singles , the competitor of the republic of serbia , the competitor of the republic of serbia , was defeated in the end of the competition because of the failure to fight again .
in the 16 - strong tournament and the eight - strong tournament , the ambassador called on the defense personnel to treat the wounded in the course of the competition . when he arrived in the third game today , he asked the defense personnel to treat the wounded and decided to abandon the game .
the fourth seed , unkovic , won the victory of the second seed , namely , 3 - 6 , 6 - 1 , 4 - 1 .
in addition to the fact that the warm - up machine was too slow in the early stage of the games and the first round of the game was lost after being broken , the two or three sets of the game were both in the lead .
satellite image shows iran 's tunnel excavation likely to protect nuclear equipment
a us think tank , the institute of science and international security , reported today that a commercial satellite image showed that iran was trying to protect its nuclear equipment at a mountain tunnel near the uranium enrichment facility in natanz .
these images were taken on the website of the institute of science and international security in the united states on june 11 .
the institute is based in washington and is a non - profit research organization .
the image shows that at only 2.4 kilometers south of the natanz facility , road works are being carried out along the mountain , and the facility is a uranium enrichment plant .
analysts albright and boulevard pointed out in a report that " the tunnel entrance and exit in the image " is not clear , but " one of the roads seems to be connected to a tunnel facility , and the other road may also lead to the tunnel entrance . "
they said , " such a tunnel facility digging into the mountain will play an excellent protection role in the air raid . "
iran remains tough in nuclear talks : un envoy
the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) today held talks with iranian officials in tehran in a bid to break the deadlock over iran 's nuclear program .
however , iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad is still struggling under the increasing pressure of further un sanctions .
mahmoud ahmadinejad insisted that iran would not stop uranium enrichment work , but welcomed the latest talks .
he said : " the trend of installation of centrifuges can slow down or accelerate . this is an issue of implementation . however , no one should expect us to give up our rights , and we will not stop this trend . "
he made the remark after haianning arrived in tehran .
the purpose of the visit is to formulate a plan to resolve the " pending problems " arising from iran 's nuclear program .
the united nations has imposed two sanctions on iran for failing to freeze uranium enrichment work in tehran .
" the iranian news agency " reported that haiyongning held talks with officials led by the iranian national security council 's assistant director for international affairs , wadi .
members of the iranian talks group include the vice - president of the atomic energy agency , mr ernesto zedillo , and the ambassador to the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) , the ambassador .
palestinian prime minister fassad to form a new government in emergency period
palestinian authorities have been implementing a month - long emergency state after hamas militants occupied the gaza strip today . prime minister fassad temporarily resigned , but was immediately ordered to form a new government . "
the minister of agriculture and social affairs , hadi , told afp : " the prime minister has submitted his resignation to president abbas , and the chairman has accepted the resignation . at the same time , he has also asked him to form a new cabinet in charge of day - to - day administration . "
abbas 's trusted follower anemin told agence france - presse that his resignation was put forward , while abbas ordered him to " perform his current duties until he formed a new government . "
the resignation of the respected economist , fade , is only a procedural resignation , which will not shake his position as the prime minister .
since the 17 th of last month , fatah has led a palestinian emergency cabinet to implement an emergency order announced by abbas after hamas 's violent occupation of gaza .
according to the basic law of the palestinian autonomous government , the state of emergency must not exceed 30 days without the approval of the parliament , but now the autonomous parliament is paralyzed .
the authorization of the emergency government expired today .
wto representative puts forward new proposal to break doha round of talks
the world trade organization ( wto ) today proposed that the united states reduce its subsidies to agriculture by a big margin , with developing countries reducing their import tariffs on industrial products to break the deadlock in the doha round of trade talks .
officials said that the new " draft model " requires the united states to lower its annual agricultural subsidies from the current us $ 19 billion to us $ 11.2 billion , and the developing countries to reduce the import tariffs on industrial products to below 23 percent .
these proposals are aimed at breaking the six - year deadlock in the doha round of talks and bringing about a compromise agreement among 150 wto members .
wto secretary general lamy said these proposals were " a fair and reasonable basis for reaching a broad goal , balance , and development as a guide . "
lamy said : " members are not completely satisfied with the contents of the proposal , but the current problem of differences is less than the issue of reaching a consensus . "
he called for intensive negotiations in the next few weeks .
strong earthquake affects japan 's automobile production
japan 's automobile manufacturers , such as toyota and nissan , said monday that they would cut production and even suspend production of cars in the country as a result of a strong earthquake .
japan was hit by an earthquake measuring 6.8 on the richter scale on thursday , and the company was forced to suspend the operation of factories in the northwestern part of tokyo .
a spokeswoman for toyota , the world 's most popular car maker , said that toyota would suspend its domestic automobile production from tonight to the 21 st .
a spokesman for nissan said that two of japan 's three factories would suspend production from the day after tomorrow to the 23 rd , and the situation would be reevaluated on the weekend .
he said that the two factories have two production lines , one of which will be affected , but the company may increase its shift to make up for the backward production progress next month .
the japanese fuji heavy industry company , which will suspend part of the production , will also suspend the production of small cars from tomorrow , and will assess the situation on the 21 st .
honda said that it may suspend the operation of some of the production lines that rely on the supply of parts next week .
the earthquake killed at least 10 people , injured more than 1,000 people , collapsed hundreds of houses , and forced factories in the disaster areas to stop operation .
indonesia lifts sale of british brand - name environmentally - friendly bags
indonesia has canceled the sale of british brand - name environmentally - friendly bags in the wake of a rush in hong kong earlier this month , the agency said monday .
" in view of the incident in hong kong , we have canceled the listing of environmentally - friendly bags , " said the person in charge of the famous store , " odyssey , " which is located in the high - consumption area of indonesia .
if the people attack a bag containing 140,000 rupees ( about nt $ 494 ) , then it will have no value . "
thousands of hong kong people gathered outside the sales shop on the 6 th , preparing to buy a limited environmental - friendly bag designed by the british designer , ato , and printed with " i am not a plastic bag . " however , the shop refused to open the door , causing the scene to get out of control .
the quality , which is environmental - friendly , is trying to replace plastic bags . unexpectedly , it has become a popular indicator in london and new york overnight , which has triggered a rush to buy , and the price of the auction website , ebo , has been several times that of the retail price .
" odyssey , " the only one that has been granted the right to sell in indonesia , said that it is uncertain whether it will be sold in a few days .
south korea , taliban hold direct talks on hostage crisis
the afghan taliban group kidnapped 23 south korean hostages and set a deadline for sunday 's sunset , asking south korea to withdraw its troops from afghanistan , otherwise it would kill the hostages .
south korean officials today held talks with the taliban for the first time following the death of time and positive development of the situation .
however , at the same time , the taliban said that another kidnapped german hostage was very weak and began to fall into a coma and lost consciousness .
the taliban called on germany and south korea to withdraw troops from afghanistan and demanded that these hostages be exchanged for 33 guerrillas who were imprisoned by the afghan government .
" we have made direct contact with south korean representatives through the tribal elders , " taliban spokesman hamid aldi said in a telephone interview with afp at an unknown location .
" we hope that the talks will yield results , " ammar said .
the taliban set the deadline for killing south korean hostages at one time in the evening ( 10 : 30 pm taiwan time ) .
the guerrillas have extended the time limit twice .
military talks between south korea , south korea break up
the three - day high - level military talks between the south and the north on the demarcation of the maritime boundary broke up today in a unhappy manner .
the talks held in the border city of panmunjon entered the last day of the agenda today . lieutenant general kim jung - chol , north korea 's chief representative , said : " we have reached a conclusion that there is no need for these unfruitful talks . "
kim jung - chol , who had a red face and was obviously unhappy with south korea , accused south korea of deliberately avoiding the demarcation of a new sea area boundary in order to replace the discussion of the original " northern limit line . "
he pointed out that the " northern limit line " was not legal .
the " north limit line " in the yellow sea was defined by the us military after the end of the 1953 korean war . however , in recent years , it has become the focus of controversy between the two koreas , and north korea has even refused to acknowledge it .
north korea said that the illegal invasion of the waters by south korean warships led to tensions , which south korea said was groundless .
a clash broke out in the local waters in june 1999 , killing dozens of north korean sailors .
similar clashes again broke out in june 2002 , and six south korean people were unfortunately killed .
us treasury secretary 's visit to china focuses on environmental protection and exchange rate
us secretary of the treasury richard boucher arrived in china yesterday for a visit , and the united states is making all - out efforts to persuade china to further carry out the necessary economic reform and environmental protection work , especially the issue of the renminbi exchange rate , which has attracted much attention .
us diplomats said that paolsen first visited the qinghai capital of northwest china 's qinghai province , xining .
at present , china has implemented a series of environmental protection plans near qinghai province 's largest salt water lake .
paolsen was transferred to beijing today to discuss with chinese officials on issues such as promoting the " us - china strategic economic dialogue " initiated last year .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discussed economic , environmental protection , and other issues , and the most important thing is the issue of the renminbi exchange rate . us congressmen believe that the value of the renminbi is excessively underestimated .
the us - china trade deficit is rising rapidly , pressure in the united states is gradually rising , and congressmen are preparing to take retaliatory actions against their so - called unfair trade policy toward china .
last week , the us senate finance committee passed a bill by an overwhelming margin , demanding that the treasury department recognize the list of countries that " fundamentally miscalculated " the currency exchange rate , thus opening the door to potential economic sanctions against beijing .
us congressmen said that the devaluation of the renminbi has made the price of china 's goods sold to the united states very cheap , intensified the us - china trade imbalance , and the us trade deficit with china reached $ 232.5 billion last year .
muliard insists he will leave the football field before the age of 60 .
starting from the beginning of the season , the future of the muliard , which has been a topic of the media , has always been a topic of discussion , but as in the past , portuguese people have once again stressed that he will surely stay in west london this summer .
" some newspapers have listed 14 candidates for the new handsome guy , but i will stay in the west of haiti , " he said jokingly .
he reiterated that he hoped that one day he would take the lead in the portuguese team . " i really want to teach the national team . i believe that there is always a day when the portuguese football association also wants to hire me to be the head of the national team . "
however , the 44 - year - old morris did not intend to contribute his whole life to football . he said he would retire before the age of 60 . he did not imagine that bobson and sir fringson would work for the ages .
" i have already promised my wife that i will not continue to teach until the age of 70 just like robusen and fringsen . "
he said frankly : " when i am 60 years old , i want to thoroughly bid farewell to the football field .
i have too many things that i cannot do now , waiting for me to do . "
" i do not want to be a football advisor or a technical director , such as bardino or saji .
i do n't want to play such a role .
i do not want to be the chairman of a club , but i only want to bid farewell to football thoroughly , " he stressed .
( qi liang )
trial of wang junbing 's " black brick " case ( photo ) in zhusheng village , hongdong , shanxi province
chinanews . com , july 4 - with the concern of the general public , the first trial of the case of wang junbing , a " black brick " , was held at the intermediate court of linfeng city , shanxi province , this morning .
many domestic media are paying attention to the progress of the case .
because relevant local departments were relatively cautious , some reporters were unable to enter the scene for on - the - spot interviews .
the trial is still under way .
according to a staff member of the linfen city intermediate people 's court , if the trial goes smoothly , it is expected that the trial will be concluded on that day .
however , it is still unknown whether the case can be pronounced at the court .
at about 9 o'clock in the morning , a reporter noticed the scene outside the gate of the linfen city intermediate people 's court , and the passers - by were calm and the contacts were as usual .
perhaps they are accustomed to the ongoing court trial activities .
" when the time comes , there will be results , and we believe that the law is just . "
an old man who was walking through this place looked at the national emblem for a short time and spoke himself .
prior to this , sources in hongdong county confirmed that wang dongkee , the father of wang junbing and former secretary of the party branch of cao shengvillage , was dismissed from the post of deputy to the county people 's congress according to law .
earlier , wang dongqi was dismissed from his post as secretary of the village party branch and expelled from the party because he was suspected of violating discipline in the case of wang junbing 's " black bricks . "
the incident of enslavement of shanxi 's black - brick mines , which was triggered by the case of wang junbing 's black bricks , has once aroused concern at home and abroad , and the central authorities have issued instructions demanding a strict investigation .
dprk , rok reach agreement on cooperation in light industry and underground resources
chinanews , beijing , july 8 c
the democratic people 's republic of korea ( dprk ) and the republic of korea ( rok ) today reached an agreement on cooperation in the development of light industry and underground resources .
under the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with raw materials for the production of garments and other light industrial products .
according to a report by the japan release association , the rok and the dprk held a three - day consultation on cooperation in light industry and the development of underground resources in the city of kaicheng , and finally reached an agreement .
according to the agreement , the rok will provide the dprk with a total of 9.8 billion yen worth of raw materials for the production of clothing , shoes , and perfume .
in this regard , the dprk will grant the rok the right to open up three mines in the country .
on july 25 , the south korean government will use a cargo ship to transport the first batch of 500 tons of fiber - optic cables to north korea from the western port of renchuan .
according to the plan , beginning 28 july , the rok and the dprk jointly conducted an investigation into the mines in the eastern part of the dprk .
the south korean government started a 400,000 - ton rice aid program at the end of last month .
after the dprk expressed its willingness to actively implement the agreements reached by the six countries , including the closure of nuclear facilities , and so on , economic cooperation between the dprk and the rok has become more active again .
lanzhou commodity price bureau explained the price limit for beef : only because of excessive increases
chinanews , lanzhou , july 10 c
this afternoon , the lanzhou city commodity price bureau invited relevant departments to hold a forum on the issue of limiting the price of beef .
at the press conference , it was learned that the city 's commodity price bureau and other departments jointly announced the maximum price of a single paper , which was mainly due to the excessive increase in the price of beef , which exceeded the tolerance of the general public .
it is reported that the price of beef rose by as much as 20 percent this time , and statistics show that this is the shortest and largest increase since the first rise in the prices of beef in lanzhou in the early 1980 s .
" the government 's behavior is to take into account the economic capability of ordinary residents in the region , and we have introduced the maximum price limit , " said the director of the lanzhou city commodity price bureau .
on the 26 th of last month , the lanzhou city commodity price bureau , the industry and commerce bureau , the health bureau , and other departments jointly implemented a maximum price restriction on the price of beef in the city . once the news was revealed , it aroused strong concern .
it has been learned that the forum is aimed at extensively listening to the opinions of various circles and soliciting opinions and suggestions for the formulation of specific management measures for the next step . it is also disclosed that lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the second news conference held by lanzhou city on the issue of raising beef prices .
ministry of civil affairs penalized the china association for promoting regional development : stop activities for three months
chinanews , july 11 - according to the ministry of civil affairs 's website , the ministry of civil affairs has imposed a three - month administrative punishment on the china regional development promotion association on july 9 .
the punishment order shows that the china association for promoting regional development has the following illegal acts : first , the collection of membership fees in excess of the standard , and second , the use of the receipt of membership fee to collect other fees from non - member units .
according to the investigation , the membership fee of the organization 's member units is $ 2,000 per year . during the period from june 2005 to february 2007 , the society has issued a total of more than 20 units a receipt of the membership fee . in addition to a member of one unit , the other unit has collected a fee of 10,000 yuan to 100,000 yuan , with a total amount of more than 800,000 yuan , including the management fee collected from its branch organizations and internal organizations , which has seriously violated the relevant regulations .
in accordance with the provisions of section 1 ( 8 ) of article 33 of the " regulations on the registration and management of social organizations , " the ministry of civil affairs has imposed a three - month administrative punishment on the society , which has suspended its activities for three months .
south korean government hopes to speed up nuclear - free korean peninsula through six - party talks
chinanews , july 12 - according to a report by the south korean federation , the south korean government welcomes the head of the delegation to the six - party talks to be held in beijing on the 18 th .
a spokesman for the ministry of foreign affairs and trade of south korea said in a commentary on the 12th : " i hope that at the meeting of the heads of the six - party delegation to the six - party talks , we can discuss the early conclusion of the initial stage measures and the implementation of the next phase of the measures , as well as the concrete and substantive plan for the six - party foreign ministers ' talks , so as to speed up the process of the denuclearization of the korean peninsula . "
the commentary also said : " as the core of the dprk nuclear issue , the chinese government will continue to play a positive role in rapidly and successfully realizing the denuclearization of the korean peninsula , and will cooperate closely with relevant countries in this regard . "
beijing olympic games expected to be the largest in number of countries and regions
chinanews , beijing , july 16 c
according to xinhua news agency , wang shilin , deputy director of the international liaison department of the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games , disclosed on the 14 th that the beijing organizing committee will issue an invitation to the 205 ioc members next month to participate in the 2008 olympic games .
he said : if there is no accident , the beijing olympic games will become the biggest olympic games in history for countries and regions participating in the games .
the report says that from the 10 th to the 12 th of this month , wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games , briefed the pan - american sports organization on the progress of preparations for the beijing olympic games , including the construction of venues , traffic arrangements , ticketing , and accommodation .
wang shilin said that all member countries and regions of the pan - american sports organization have shown great enthusiasm for participating in the beijing olympics , and all 42 members have confirmed that they will attend the meeting of the heads of the delegations of the olympic committees of various countries and regions to be held in beijing next month .
it has been learned that at this meeting , the international olympic committee and the beijing olympic organizing committee will formally invite 205 ioc members to participate in the 2008 olympic games .
( gao peng , yang limin )
wang yan 's condition improved , and she insisted on the " two - level " recovery of the limbs .
" wang yan has been able to sit up on a wooden bench , but she cannot be too long . otherwise , she will feel dizziness . " wu xiqin , director of the gymnastics center of the zhejiang sports bureau , told this reporter yesterday .
wang yan , who had previously been injured in the competition , continued to improve her injuries , including the restoration of the muscle of the left and right limbs and the increase of the " two levels " more than 10 days ago .
on the 4 th of this month , when wang yan was transferred to the special medical ward from the cband ( severe disease ward ) of the shanghai six hospital , her right - hand limbs were two to three , and her left limbs were level one .
nearly half a month later , wang yan 's upper limbs have improved further .
" the doctor said that wang yan 's right hand has a muscle power of more than four levels , only one level lower than the normal level of five , and his left hand muscle is above grade 3 , " said wu xiqin .
in other words , in less than half a month , wang yan 's upper limbs were restored to " two levels . "
in the front , wang yan had been able to sit on the bed for five minutes with the help of doctors .
hospital rehabilitation experts originally planned to allow wang yan to practice touch - up exercises under the protection of rehabilitation beds last weekend .
however , according to the current restoration of wang yan , the shock recovery training has to be temporarily postponed .
wu xiqin said : wang yan 's current training is mainly based on " sitting on " and " she can still sit on a wooden bench for a while , but it is still not too long . " ( by reporter wang chunqiu )
venezuelan president chavez says big cut in wages for senior civil servants
chinanews , july 23 - according to a comprehensive report , venezuelan president chavez made a long speech on venezuela 's domestic and foreign policy on the 22 nd .
he said that there was a significant reduction in the wages of senior civil servants .
he also said that foreigners who came to venezuela to attack the venezuelan government would face serious consequences and would be expelled from the country .
chavez has ordered government officials to closely monitor the remarks made by foreigners during his visit to venezuela , and found that anyone who openly criticized him or the venezuelan government must be expelled from the country .
in a televised speech on the evening of the 22nd , he said venezuela could not tolerate " foreigners going home to make indiscreet remarks . "
in his speech , he also pointed out that the wages of senior civil servants would be substantially reduced .
he said that the wages of venezuelan civil servants should not exceed 7,000 us dollars per month .
it is reported that the monthly income of some poor people in venezuela is 250 us dollars .
the action of reducing civil service salaries in latin american countries has become a common practice and has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
the leaders of peru , bolivia , and other countries have all cut their own salaries .
chavez also said that cuban leader castro reminded him to pay attention to the assassination operation directed by the us side .
he said that castro presented him with a memories written by george tenet , former director of the us central intelligence agency , and asked him to take a look at all kinds of " hidden secrets " of the cia .
the hearing on the " espionage case " concluded yesterday with the help of the mekeka wheel to temporarily escape punishment .
last night , beijing time , the special hearing held by the international federation of car movement council on the fray technology espionage case was concluded in paris , and the summoned mercantile fleet escaped a robbery : the council decided not to punish the mercantile .
according to a statement issued after the hearing , the fifa official network said : " vodafone mercedes - myers has secret information on fray , but at present there is no sufficient evidence to show that these data are not used in the international gas federation 's formula one world championships . therefore , it will not be punished . "
however , the fla technical espionage case has not been brought to a close .
in this decision , the automobile sports council also said : " if we discover that the relevant information of fray is used to damage the championship in the future , we reserve the right to request the wheel - wheel fleet to return to the vehicle sports council for a hearing , at that time they may face the punishment of being disqualified from the 2007 season or even the 2008 season . "
at present , the former chief designer of the wheel , michael graf , who has been suspended from work , has been found to have held nearly 800 pages of technical documents on the fray , including a series of links such as the design , driving force , construction , inspection , testing , development , and operation of the car racing in the year 2007 .
michael moore insisted that no one in the convoy knew the information before the suspension of egger , and that there was no fray element in this season 's racing .
( wang yuan )
experts believe that insurance not to divert domestic stock market funds in the short term
chinanews , beijing , july 30 c
according to a report by china securities news , the " provisional procedures for the management of overseas investment of insurance funds " have been promulgated a few days ago , and insurance funds have a broader space for the use of the capital market .
liu lefei , chief investment officer of the china life insurance company , believes that the appreciation of the renminbi and the improvement of the domestic capital market will not be large - scale overseas investment by insurance institutions in the short term , and this also means that insurance will not be diverted to the domestic stock market funds in the short term .
according to the report , many insurance institutions hold the same view .
experts said that since there is no renminbi derivatives market at present , the insurance institutions ' means of avoiding risks are insufficient , so the time for large - scale acquisition of foreign exchange is not yet ripe .
liu lefei said : in the long term , foreign investment should account for a certain proportion in the overall distribution of insurance companies .
however , in view of the relatively great pressure of the renminbi 's appreciation , china life will mainly make use of its own foreign exchange funds to make investment abroad .
under the current circumstances , we should be cautious in dealing with the purchase of foreign currencies for investment abroad .
( sheung xiaoyang )
china loses 52.5 billion yuan in flood prevention and drought control
this reporter learned from the state flood prevention and drought control headquarters that as of 29 july , a total of 118 million mu of the country 's flood - stricken crops had been hit , of which 54.14 million mu were hit by the floods , 1,191.15 million people were affected , 652 people were killed in the disaster , and 45,500 houses were destroyed , and the direct economic losses were 52.5 billion yuan .
a total of 140 million mu of farmland has been hit by drought , 58,000 people and 4.7 million heads of large livestock have temporary difficulties in drinking water due to drought .
on 29 july , the state general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control made an emergency plan in view of the current grim situation of flood prevention and drought control .
it called on all provinces along the huai he and the headquarters of the huai he flood prevention to strengthen their control , strengthen the prevention of the flood prevention during the flood season , and win a complete victory in the flood prevention and flood control of the huai he .
the national general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control and the financial , agricultural , and other departments have sent three working groups to the frontline of flood prevention and drought control to guide flood prevention and drought control work .
at present , the flood prevention and flood prevention work on the huai he is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner , the flood prevention project is operating normally , the huai he 's huaihong river has also been thrown into flood discharge , and 268,000 people in the three provinces of henan , anhui , and jiangsu are staying on the huai he dam .
there is no major danger of embankment along the mainstream of the huai he .
in accordance with the plan , heilongjiang , jiangxi , and other provinces have launched an emergency response to the drought , and the work of fighting drought is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
( by reporter zhao yongping )
chen shui - bian secretly criticizes taiwan 's judicial involvement in the election the " court of justice " denied and asked him to explain it .
chinanews , july 31 - chen shui - bian questioned on the 30 th that judicial personnel on the island attempted to get involved in the election of the leader of the taiwan region .
on the same day , gao jinzhi , " director of the administrative department of the department of justice " in taiwan , said that the current performance of the judge on the island is inconsistent with what chen shui - bian said , and asked chen shui - bian to give an explanation of his remarks .
according to a report by taiwan 's lien - ho pao , on 30 june , chen shui - bian questioned the judges , prosecutors , or investigators . because of political factors or election considerations , he was involved in , affected , or even attempted to influence the election activities of the candidates of various political parties . he said that he hoped that such a phenomenon would not exist in taiwan , but it might be very difficult .
in response to chen shui - bian 's question , weng yuesheng , taiwan 's " president of the judicial yuan , " did not respond in a low - key manner , and fan kuang - qun , " secretary general , " sent gao jinzhi to speak on behalf of the " department court . "
gao jinzhi said that the basic law of taiwan and the " code of judges " have explicitly declared that judges should not be allowed to take part in political parties ' activities , nor should they be allowed to run for the election . the judges are very cautious in observing the relevant restrictions , and the " court of justice " believes that the judges have done a good job .
gao jinzhi cited an example to point out that zhang shengxi , judge of the kaohsiung " branch of the high school , " took part in a school course at the kaida school a few years ago , which is a resolution of the self - discipline committee formed by the judges because the relevant courses have the characteristics of a political party .
chang sheng - hsi once wanted to take part in the dpp primary , and finally decided to give up because of the controversy over the election .
gao jinzhi believes that if it is the trial of individual cases , and if there is relief at the level of adjudication , it cannot be judged by the outcome of the judgment alone , then the judge has no political intention .
germany to lower import threshold for professional talent
xinhua news agency , berlin , july 1 st , by reporter huaicheng wang
german education and scientific research minister sha wan said a few days ago that germany should lower the restrictions on the introduction of foreign professionals in the " immigration law " and solve the problem of a shortage of professional talent facing germany through increasing the import of foreign talent .
according to the oecd report , by 2010 , the number of workers aged between 15 and 64 will drop year by year .
if there is no sufficient immigration , by 2020 , the labor force in germany will be reduced by 6 percent from the current level .
however , the report by the german employers ' federation and the german engineers ' association shows that there is a relatively big gap in the current labor market in germany in terms of engineers and professional and technical personnel .
according to statistics released by the german federal labor bureau , in may this year , the supply of engineers in the german labor market was about 12,000 , and the supply of technicians was about 9,600 .
in order to protect the employment of our countrymen , germany has set a relatively high threshold for introducing foreign talent .
the german " immigration law " stipulates that the annual income of professional personnel from non - eu countries in germany should not be lower than 85.5 million euros , otherwise they will not be allowed to work and stay in germany .
sha wan suggested that this limit be reduced to 40,000 to 60,000 euros .
do not blind faith in the law " theoretical circle "
article 8 of the draft amendment to the " lawyer law " recently submitted to the standing committee of the national people 's congress for deliberation stipulates : those who have been engaged in legal research , teaching , and other professional work , and who have a high - ranking post or equivalent professional level , and who have applied for the practice of lawyers may be approved by the judicial and administrative departments of the state council .
( china youth daily , 28 june )
in law , there are differences between " theoretical circles " and " practical circles , " and the former mainly includes " abstract acts " such as legal teaching and research work , and the latter is more of " concrete acts " such as litigation , legal consultation , and legal services .
for a long time , the " theoretical circles " of the law and the " practical circles " have had the phenomenon that " scholars are in the light of each other , " and the " theoretical circles " believe that the " practical circles " lack the necessary legal knowledge , which is only a mechanical " legal person , " and the criticism of the " theoretical circles " is that " theory can not guide practice . "
with regard to such differences in division of labor , what the law can do is to maintain neutrality and not to give strong support to any party .
however , the " licensed lawyer system " in the " lawyer law " has objectively recognized that the " theoretical circles " of the law should be higher than the " practical circles " of the law .
as a matter of fact , some experts and scholars who are engaged in the research and teaching of legal theory , such as the history of legislative affairs and international law , have a high degree of theoretical proficiency and are incompatible with the practice of law .
in this way , the " licensed lawyer system " has undoubtedly created a " bad precedent " that has an extremely bad influence on the chaotic qualifications of the legal " practical circles . "
the superstition of the " theoretical circles " is more than this , such as the fact that experts ' written submissions and expert panel meetings often affect and even reject court judgments , and this is also a direct manifestation of such superstition .
chinese - funded vessels encouraged to fly five - star red flags
by reporter lei feng
it has been learned from a news conference held by the information office of the state council that from 1 july this year , china will implement a tax - free registration policy for china - funded international shipping special case , encourage chinese - funded ships to return to the country to register , obtain the nationality of the people 's republic of china , and hang a five - star red flag .
in order to further promote the healthy development of the country 's maritime transport industry and to strengthen the national ship fleet , the ministry of communications recently issued a " public notice on the implementation of the policy on the exemption of the tax exemption of the chinese - funded international shipping special case , " and clearly defined the conditions and application procedures for the exemption of the special case .
ships may apply for ships to register as ships in shanghai , tianjin , and dalian .
britain cuts alert of terrorist attacks
xinhua news agency , london , july 5 th , by reporter lin guo
the british government lowered the alert level of terrorist attacks from the highest level to the " serious " level on the 4 th , indicating that british terrorist attacks will not happen soon , but the attacks are still " very likely . "
at present , the british police have shifted the scope of investigation to india and australia .
as the eight suspects arrested for terrorist attacks are all working in the medical system , the government will conduct an emergency examination of the background of foreign immigrants working in the medical system .
it is reported that nearly 90,000 people working in the british public health system have obtained medical qualifications overseas .
prime minister brown also asked to conduct a survey on the background of high - tech immigrants , and employers or relevant organizations would be asked to provide the background information of the applicants .
do n't allow traders to come in public places
the purpose of going out of the country for sightseeing is to relax , clear and clear up , and enjoy to the maximum the fruits of natural scenery and social civilization .
however , when traveling abroad , many people have encountered this kind of worry , and they have been surrounded and blocked by traders and intermediary business in public places .
no matter whether it is a car or a train , if you get off the train , you will always have to meet with small traders and some innocent people who do not have a license .
it is not selling eggs to burn cakes , it is selling newspapers and periodicals , and it is also selling many unlicensed intermediary food and beverage accommodation , and even selling fake invoices .
if you do not accept it , he can catch up with you for several hundred meters , and it is very likely that if you do not succeed , you will become a good person .
in some scenic spots , many tourists also have the same feeling .
before entering the gate , some people came to peddle such things as tourist souvenirs and souvenirs .
after entering the door , there will be more such a situation , and no matter how good it is , it will also be stirred up .
some media have reported that many foreign tourists who have come to xian have spoken highly of the scenic spots and sites in xian , but they do not understand the fact that they have allowed a large number of small businessmen and hawkers to call for sales everywhere .
public places such as stations and scenic spots , which are originally places for travel and leisure , should be civilized , orderly , quiet , and harmonious , and should provide a comfortable and relaxed environment for tourists .
the free entry and exit of the traders have disturbed the people 's minds . objectively , they have undermined the public order in these public places and created visual pollution and environmental pollution . at the same time , they have also provided the conditions and opportunities for lawless elements to stir up trouble .
what is important is that these public places are the windows of the building of spiritual civilization in the local areas , and they can see the entire seals , and what is damaged is not only the issue of image , but also the impact on the local economic development .
just imagine , if you want to do a great job in the tourism industry , but use such a chaotic tourist environment to welcome the guests from the south to the north , who is willing to come and who will dare to come ?
how can your tourism economy achieve benefits ?
with the arrival of the peak tourist season , it should be said that it is an urgent task to create a civilized tourist environment for tourists from the southern and northern parts of the sky .
public places are not markets , the business behavior of small - scale hawkers should be standardized , and those operating without a license should be resolutely abolished , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down on .
only when a civilized and orderly environment is created will it be possible for tourists to be happy to come , to return to the motherland , and to prosper again .
in a word , public places should not allow traders to come .
" the award to voluntarily withdraw from the insurance policy " cannot withstand deliberation
in beijing 's dongcheng district , jianguoxing street has distributed refrigerators and other articles as a reward for 12 low - income families who have taken the initiative to withdraw from the insurance .
( " beijing news " 10 july )
i am glad to see the improvement of the living standards of these families . however , i am very complicated with regard to the formulation of " taking the initiative to withdraw from the insurance " and the practice of " giving awards " .
deputy director of the jianguo neighborhood office said : " to encourage people to voluntarily withdraw from the insurance policy in the light of the problems of deceiving the public and providing low - quality insurance , it is an example for other low - income households . "
if this example is to encourage other low - security personnel to extricate themselves from the predicament through their own efforts , it is indeed worth advocating , and if they want to " stimulate " those who have been deceived for a long time , they will be somewhat infant .
in the work of distinction between right and wrong and the work of cleaning up low - income households , it is the law that relies more on .
relevant departments should strengthen the obligations to be carried out by low - security households when enjoying low - income protection , such as timely reporting of changes in family personnel and income , reporting on the employment situation , and receiving regular reexamination , and the departments concerned should intensify supervision and inspection .
after all , " withdrawing from insurance according to law " is a long - term plan .
who will be buried in the street for the material reward given to the retired family ?
as a first - level government organization , the expenditure of the streets is borne by fiscal appropriations .
and should this taxpayer 's money be spent ?
on the one hand , the withdrawal of low - income families proves that they have a certain " self - sufficiency " capability , and on the other hand , is it not true that those who apply for low - income insurance still exist ?
the government 's financial appropriation , which is called money to save money , should be used to deliver charcoal in the snow , rather than adding flowers to it .
liu gang - yi 's remark that he is willing to serve as a service provider is more credible .
on 10 july , liu gang , secretary of the town party committee and secretary of the mulan town party committee of the xindu district of chengdu city , who was the first in the country to directly promote the election , accepted the democratic appraisal for the fourth time since he took office , and the satisfaction rate reached 97 percent .
during the dialogue between reporters and liu gang - yi , liu gang - yi defined himself as a " service provider . "
( " beijing news " yesterday )
the " service providers " in liu gang - yi 's words may be more true and convincing than the " service providers " in the appointment system of cadres .
the greatest advantage of the system of direct election is that the former is mainly decided by ordinary party members and the masses , and the latter is mainly appointed by higher - level organizations , and the direction of the source of power determines that the former must give top priority to being responsible to the people .
the source of power and who should be held responsible are the fundamental factors determining how the elected person should carry out his work .
some people doubt such a " democratic appraisal " is even more like a " democratic show . "
my view is that if there is such a form of " democratic appraisal , " it will be better than that .
considering the history and current situation of the building of china 's grass - roots democratic politics , i believe that the public election is a major breakthrough , and the democratic appraisal is an important component of this pioneering work , and it is not to be underestimated in promoting the building of grass - roots democratic politics .
india is expected to elect its first female presidential analyst , saying that it is more likely that it will be elected , and women voters hope that it will raise the status of women .
on june 23 , partir had a hand in hand before completing the presidential candidate document .
the presidential election in india started on the 19th . the new president will be elected between the incumbent vice president sheikh sahaf and the newly - appointed governor of the state of lashkar - e - bakr , who recently resigned .
she is the first female presidential candidate in indian history . if she is elected , she will become the first female president in indian history .
partir is the presidential candidate of the ruling national congress party , and xie qazi comes from the opposition party , the people 's party .
since the congress party has an advantage in the presidential election , the media and the public have been speculating that it is quite possible for the congress party to be elected .
the 72 - year - old partir is the female governor of the state of rajaya .
she was a lawyer and joined the parliament in 1985 . she had rich political experience . she was highly praised by the government when she was governor of the state of rajaya .
she has also devoted herself to social welfare and is an honorary chairman of many cultural , educational , and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that the reason for her becoming a candidate is that she has been unswervingly loyal to sonia gandhi , chairman of the congress party of india .
in india , the gandhi family has been controlling the ruling congress party for a long time .
she was supported by a large number of female voters , and the female voters believed that she would reshape the image of women and improve the status of women in india , which has a serious sense of discrimination against women .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal state , the president is the head of state and the commander of the armed forces in name , and does not represent any party organization , and more importantly , it is a symbol .
( yen wing - ping )
us supports palestinian government 's expulsion of extremists
xinhua news agency , washington , july 22 nd , by reporter qisheng xu
us president bush said on the 21st that the united states would give full support to the pakistani government in driving the " al - qaeda " and taliban extremists out of the border areas between pakistan and afghanistan .
in his weekly broadcast on the same day , bush said that according to the new us intelligence , the " al - qaeda " organization found a " safe paradise " in the border area between pakistan and afghanistan .
he expressed " great concern " over this .
bush said that the united states will continue to support pakistani president musharraf and believes musharraf will persist in fighting against the " al - qaeda " and taliban militants .
the " national intelligence assessment " report recently published by the united states pointed out that the muslim armed organization , especially bin laden 's " al - qaeda " organization , still poses a sustained threat to the united states .
the agreement reached between musharraf and some tribal leaders in the northern part of pakistan in september last year on preventing the remaining taliban forces and the activities of " al - qaeda " members did not achieve the expected results .
these tribal leaders " do not want or do not have the ability " to safeguard the security of the region .
in his pre - recorded speech , bush said that musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
us hopes for full implementation of dprk nuclear agreement
xinhua news agency , washington , july 24 th , by reporter qisheng xu
us assistant secretary of state and chief representative of the united states for the six - party talks on the north korean nuclear issue , hill , said on the 23rd that the six - party talks on the north korean nuclear issue held last week were very important , and that the meeting made real progress for the first time , but this was only a " preliminary action " for implementing the agreement .
the united states very much hopes that the " 19 september joint statement " and the " 13 february joint document " on resolving the dprk nuclear issue will be fully implemented in 2008 .
at a press conference on the same day , hill said that in order to achieve the goal of thoroughly resolving the nuclear issue in the dprk in 2008 , the dprk needs to declare all its nuclear programs by the end of this year and achieve the goal of building nuclear facilities .
he hoped that all parties concerned would fully implement the agreement reached at the six - party talks on the north korean nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that while holding talks on security and energy issues , the us - dprk and japan - dprk working groups will also discuss issues that need to be resolved in us - dprk and japanese - dprk bilateral relations .
climate changes lead to rapid reduction in alps glacier
xinhua news agency , geneva , july 29 th , by reporter jun liu
during the period from 1850 to 2005 , more than 1,800 glaciers in switzerland were reduced at an average annual rate of 3 percent .
the heat wave in 2003 alone has melted 1.8 percent of the alps glaciers .
experts believe that in the 21 st century , if the global temperature rises by 3 degrees celsius , the glaciers will be reduced by 80 percent from now , and the glaciers will be completely melted by 5 degrees celsius .
the glacier , the longest glacier in europe , has been listed as the world 's natural heritage list of the united nations educational , scientific , and cultural organization , but it has been reduced by 100 meters in one year from 2005 to 2006 , and the protection of the natural environment has reached a stage that brooks no delay .
the map is a 23 - kilometer - long glacier .
photo taken by liu jun
beijing olympic games consumers ' associations propose to be civilized consumers
xinhua news agency , beijing , july 30 ,
reporter liang jie learned from the china consumer association : on the eve of the first anniversary of the convening of the 29th olympic games on 8 august , the beijing municipal consumer association , the tianjin consumer association , the shanghai municipal consumer protection committee , the shenyang city consumer association , the qingdao city consumer association , the qinhuangdao city consumer association , and the hong kong consumer council issued a proposal to consumers in the name of the consumer protection organization for the rights and interests of six cities and one region .
the proposal proposed that , starting with me , we should strengthen our awareness of the human olympics , study the knowledge of protocol , enhance our quality of civilization , practice the standards of civilization , abide by social morality , and be a consumer who is aware of civilization .
enhance the awareness of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish natural resources , actively promote sustainable consumption , and become a consumer who advocates green consumption ;
it is necessary to establish a sense of thrift and economy , change the concept of consumption , abandon blind comparison , oppose extravagance and waste , and become a rational consumer with a scientific concept of consumption .
it is necessary to enhance the awareness of protecting the rights of consumers , take the initiative to participate in social supervision , consciously respect the protection of intellectual property rights , correctly understand rights and obligations , and be a consumer who acts according to law and rationally protects rights .
it is necessary to promote the spirit of being the masters of the country and the sense of active participation , publicize the olympic concept , and be the dissemination of the olympic spirit .
alarm bell connected to hong kong to celebrate 10 th anniversary
on 1 july , the alarm bell of the memorial hall of the nanjing jinghai temple was sounded again , and the bell was sounded .
through the television " connection " with the mainland and hong kong , nanjing residents and hong kong compatriots " share the same time " to celebrate the 10th anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland .
at 00:00 hours on 1 july 10 years ago , the clock tower of the nanjing jinghai temple memorial hall was filled with 155 alarm bell , a bid to bid farewell to the history of humiliation on hong kong island .
people from all walks of life in nanjing gathered in front of the small memorial hall . they said that they will always warn themselves and their future generations not to forget history through their own hands .
" the clock is 1.842 meters high , and 1842 was the time when the " nanjing treaty " was signed during the opium war .
the shoulder is 1.997 meters tall , and 1997 is the year of hong kong 's return . "
wang fengling , who planned and forged the police world bell at that time , explained : " the five ' 10,000 ' characters are centered on the zhong 's body , and the entire bronze bell is used to use high - floating birds , and the two longs , with a fire ball , which symbolizes that hong kong is the " pearl of the east " of the motherland .
yu hsiao - dong , the first democratic party figure who proposed the construction of a world - class alarm , said in a nutshell : " it has been 10 years since hong kong 's return to the motherland , " and he hopes that hong kong 's tomorrow will be " bright and bright " like the bell .
( end ) ( zhu xiaoying , liu yang )
russia 's security bureau accused exile of " conspiracy to launch coup d'etat "
borokov , a lawyer of russia 's lush , who is in exile in london , announced on 2 july that the russian federation security bureau has formally filed a new charge against his clients , accusing him of " plotting a national coup and attempting to seize the russian regime by violence . "
borukov pointed out that in an interview with a reporter of the british newspaper " guardian " in april this year , perovsky announced that he was prepared to launch a " court coup " in russia , and confirmed that he was providing financial support to the right - wing elite representatives who opposed the authorities ' policies .
the investigation bureau of the russian federal security bureau immediately carried out a criminal investigation into the case of perkins in accordance with article 278 of the " criminal law of the russian federation , " and recently formally filed a corresponding charge with the moscow svilliyev court .
it has been learned that in february 2006 , the russian federation chief procuratorate filed a criminal case charge against him , and it was also confirmed in an interview that he was attempting to seize the russian political power by force .
the russian side temporarily suspended the investigation of the case in january 2007 because he had been in exile abroad and could not be extradited .
on 2 july , the moscow svilliyev court began to try another criminal case of the exile , and the russian supreme procuratorate accused the russian airline company of embezzling a total of 214 - million roubles ( about 16 - million u.s. dollars ) , and the court decided to postpone the court investigation into the case to 12 july . the court will appoint a national defense lawyer for the defendant .
he said that these were all " farces " and explicitly prohibited his own defense lawyers from taking part in court hearings .
( bi yuan )
administrative efficiency supervision of 619 persons held accountable for 135 posts in guangxi
since the beginning of this year , various localities and departments in guangxi have carried out activities to change the work style of cadres , strengthen the building of administrative efficiency of the organs , and implement the " three systems " of the first responsibility system , the system of setting up a time limit , and the system of investigating and affixing responsibility .
as of now , 619 people have been held accountable .
this reporter learned from the discipline inspection commission of the guangxi zhuang autonomous region on 5 july that at present , guangxi has initially formed a network of administrative efficiency supervision work at the three levels of the autonomous region , city , and county , strengthening supervision over key departments and responsible posts , and all the electronic supervision systems in 14 cities have been linked up with the autonomous region .
the electronic supervision system of the autonomous region 's administrative efficiency is directly linked to the key examination and approval departments and 135 responsibility posts directly under the autonomous region that involve the investment environment and the production and life of the masses of the people , and further standardize the examination and approval behavior and improve the efficiency of examination and approval .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in guangxi have seriously investigated and dealt with cases involving work style efficiency and damage to the interests of the masses . as of now , a total of 1,104 cases have been investigated and verified , 769 cases have been concluded , and 584 units and 619 people have been held accountable .
ma tieshan , member of the standing committee of the guangxi zhuang autonomous regional cpc committee and secretary of the guangxi zhuang autonomous regional discipline inspection commission , said on 5 july that supervision of administrative efficiency is a work that has been accompanied by administrative activities , and it is necessary to gradually form a long - term mechanism .
guangxi should further improve and standardize the various rules and regulations for administrative management , establish and perfect the work mechanism and guarantee mechanism for supervising administrative efficiency , bring efficiency supervision into the track of institutionalization and standardization , further standardize the supervision and inspection procedures , improve the mechanism for handling complaints and the mechanism for assessing the results of the work , intensify the investigation of the responsibility , and ensure the implementation of the work system of the first responsibility system and the system of setting the time limit .
( by reporter wang lifang )
nato does not rule out cooperation with us on abm system
in an exclusive interview with a xinhua reporter on 9 june , nato information officer simonna demansu said that it is not ruled out the possibility of linking the us abm system with nato 's own defense system .
the north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) is now studying the us anti - ballistic missile program and hopes that the us anti - missile bases will cover all its european allies .
she said : nato has its own theater missile defense system and has begun to discuss the establishment of a strategic missile defense system , and it is not impossible to link the us abm system with nato 's own defense system .
she also said that on the issue of the us establishment of an abm system in europe , nato will promptly exchange information with russia through various channels .
( by reporter ding yiyou and sun xiyou )
two jordanian sentenced for conspiracy to attack americans
two jordanian men were sentenced to jail by the jordanian national security court on monday for plotting an attack on jordan .
the two men , the 25 - year - old man , were sentenced to eight years ' imprisonment for strengthening the labor service , and the other was sentenced to three years ' imprisonment for strengthening the labor service .
the court said that he was also charged with illegal possession of firearms and an assault gun was found in a search at his home .
the court originally decided to sentence him to life imprisonment , and after considering giving him an opportunity to " make a fresh start , " the sentence was reduced to eight years .
the indictment said that after the iraq war broke out , the two defendants decided to retaliate against the muslims who were " bullied by the americans , " so they planned to attack the americans living in jordan .
in august 2006 , they identified an american living in the suburbs of amman , capital of jordan , but were arrested by police before the attack .
the indictment did not disclose the identity of the american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of having plans to attack other americans , but did not disclose specific details .
( by reporter su xiaopo )
the number of reports on the adverse effects of diabetes drugs wendiya increased sharply .
us media reported on the 15 th that the number of reports of bad reactions such as heart disease caused by anti - diabetes drug wendiya has recently risen sharply in the united states .
the food and drug administration of the united states issued a safety warning in may this year , suggesting that diabetes patients be cautious in the use of wendiya , because scientists published a research report in the first issue of the " new england medical journal " on may 21 , saying that this well - selling drug will greatly increase the incidence and mortality rate of heart disease patients .
therefore , the safety of wendiya has attracted close attention from doctors and patients .
statistics show that in about one month after the issuance of the safety warning , the us pharmaceutical administration received 357 reports of bad reactions from the article diya , of which 38 were fatal cases .
in january and february this year , the pharmacy and poisons board received only 50 and 73 reports of adverse reactions .
these adverse reactions are mild enough to get rid of the bubble and return to the sudden death of heart disease .
however , drug experts from the us drug administration believe that it is too early to come to a conclusion that the dishonesty of the drug is not safe .
the drug administration will hold a hearing on the safety of wendiya on july 30 .
the wendiya , which was published in 1999 , is a pancreas , which is applicable to the treatment of type ii diabetes .
about six million diabetes patients in the world have taken or are taking it .
british gsk , the manufacturer of wendiya , has all along maintained that aventis is safe and that " advantages are greater than disadvantages " for the patients .
us wants to resume middle east peace talks
us president bush made a speech in washington on 16 june , calling for an international meeting on the palestine - israel issue to be held this fall , inviting israel , palestine , some neighboring arab countries , and other relevant countries to attend , so as to jointly push forward the resumption of the middle east peace process .
on the 17 th , bush also called egyptian president mubarak , king abdullah ii of jordan , and king abdullah of saudi arabia , asking them to actively advocate that they should support palestinian national authority president abbas with concrete actions to help palestine and israel resume peace talks at an early date .
abbas : plo central committee to discuss palestine 's early election
palestinian national authority president abbas said here today that the two - day meeting of the palestinian liberation organization ( plo ) central committee will discuss the election of the palestinian national authority and the legislative council ahead of schedule .
abbas met with solana , eu senior representative in charge of foreign affairs and security affairs , at the presidential palace on the same day , and said at a joint press conference held later that if the plo central committee makes a relevant decision , the president will have the right to issue a " legal and effective " order , and such an order will soon be issued .
at the same time , abbas is satisfied with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the european union .
he said : the palestinian side welcomes the eu 's understanding of the measures taken by the palestinian presidential palace .
abbas urged the eu to continue to provide humanitarian aid to the palestinian people in gaza .
solana reiterated the eu 's support for abbas and the palestinian people .
he said that the four parties concerned on the middle east issue ( the united nations , the european union , the united states , and russia ) will hold a meeting on the 19th to discuss the issue of resuming the middle east peace process , and a proposal may be put forward in the next few days .
solana said that the eu holds a positive attitude toward the deployment of international forces in gaza , but it still needs to discuss with other parties , especially with the united nations .
( reporter wang zhiqiang )
jiangxi will award health professionals who have taken root in rural areas for 30 years
over a long period of time , a large number of health professionals and technicians have taken root in the rural areas , and have devoted arduous labor and youth to the public health cause at the grass - roots level and the health of the peasants .
a few days ago , jiangxi province decided to issue the " 30 - year honorary award for public health work in rural areas " to public health professionals and technicians who have taken root in the rural areas for 30 years .
according to a briefing given by the jiangxi provincial health department , the professional and technical personnel of the township and town health institutions who have been engaged in the professional and technical work in the health of the government , and who have attained the academic qualifications of the medical and vocational schools at and above the primary level , and who have worked in the township and town health centers , the township and town blood prevention group , and the ma feng village for 30 years , are all under the scope of the award .
the final timetable for the first batch of confirmed cases is the end of july .
in addition to issuing certificates and medals for the " 30 - year honorary awards for rural health work , " jiangxi province will also give priority to the examination , assessment , and appointment of qualified rural health personnel .
the examination of high - ranking professional posts will be divided into the line of examination , the assessment will be focused on actual work ability , the conditions for scientific research and theses will be appropriately relaxed , the examination of foreign languages will be exempted , and priority will be given to the appointment of personnel after they are qualified .
the jiangxi provincial health department will also arrange a certain number of places to go on sick leave each year and provide a certain amount of funds for this purpose .
starting this year , jiangxi province will carry out the work of recommending and identifying the " 30 - year honorary awards for rural health work " once every two years .
( by reporter mei juan li )
us defense department reconsiders plans to reduce us military presence in europe
the us defense department is reconsidering a plan to cut the number of us troops stationed in europe by about half in 2002 due to changes in the iraq war and the world situation , a us defense department official said today .
the us media quoted a defense department official as saying that as the iraq war is still going on , and the relations between the united states and russia and iran are deteriorating , the defense department leadership has raised questions about the feasibility of reducing the number of troops stationed in europe .
in 2002 , the then secretary of defense rumsfeld announced that the united states would reduce the number of troops stationed in europe from 113,000 to 710,000 by 2012 , so as to build a new - type " small and precision " army .
at present , the total number of us troops stationed in europe has dropped to 100,000 .
however , in june this year , the commander of the us european command , krajisnik , submitted a report to the current defense secretary gates , raising questions about the above - mentioned reduction plan .
the report said that while reducing the number of us troops in europe , many troops were transferred to iraq and afghanistan on a rotational basis , resulting in a shortage of us troops in europe and a lack of normal cooperation with the european allies .
the report suggested that the plan to reduce the number of us troops stationed in europe be stopped .
relevant us experts believe that the above - mentioned phenomenon shows that the long delay in the iraq war has disturbed the us military 's original adjustment plan .
( by reporter yang qingchuan and pan yunzhao )
shandong province launches campaign to " send traffic safety films to community construction sites "
xinhua news agency , qingdao , july 26 th , by reporter xuechun song and correspondent zhongliang fan
in order to further deepen the " three demands " of the city 's civilized traffic , enhance the awareness of the rule of law and the awareness of traffic safety , and enhance the awareness of abiding by the regulations and the law , from 20 july to 10 august ( every monday , 3 , 5 august ) , the traffic police group of the city of jiaozhou in shandong province carried out the activities of the city 's people 's square , the jiajia square , the sanhe square , the city 's southern district , the li gochong square , the town , the town of the city , the town of the city , the town of the city , and the town of the city , and the city 's
prior to the film 's opening , the traffic police group issued a " letter to the broad masses of citizens to keep away from traffic accidents , protect life , " and some publicity materials to the public , and broadcast a special feature film entitled " the warning of the traffic accident to life " and " the traffic on the road to school . "
one tragedy after another in the film has aroused the admiration of the citizens , and the bloody scenes have played a great warning role .
in particular , the special feature film " on the road to school " has made it easier for primary school students to understand and love to see , and has also received profound education through the cartoon form .
the film attracted more than 3,000 residents around the square . in particular , some young people and workers who came to work in the city were all sitting in the center of the venue .
through the launching of the activities of sending traffic safety films to the communities ( villages ) and the construction sites , the broad masses of citizens have also enjoyed the film while enjoying the film , and have received profound education on traffic safety , which has been warmly welcomed by the citizens , especially the new citizens .
health ministry : china 's catering industry to gradually implement public health supervision system
in order to better implement the " food hygiene law " and the " decision on further strengthening food safety work " of the state council , the ministry of public health has carried out experiments on the public health supervision system in 10 areas , including haidian district , tianjin , taizhou city , jiangyan city , hangzhou city , zhejiang province , luoyang city of henan province , wuhan city of hubei province , haikou city of hainan province , sanya city , and chengdu city of sichuan province .
this system will be gradually extended to the whole country .
on the basis of the day - to - day health supervision , the public health supervision system of the catering industry has carried out on - the - spot supervision and inspection of nine important health conditions , including the health permit , health management system , health management personnel , and employees ' health proof , the quality and labelling of food , the health protection of the food processing process , the environmental hygiene of the factories , the cleansing and disinfection of food and beverage , and the purchase of major raw materials .
it has been learned that the public health ministry will adopt a unified color and form , including the results of the on - the - spot inspection , the conclusion of the comprehensive evaluation , the opinions of the on - the - spot health supervision , the name of the organization responsible for the supervision and management , and the telephone number of the customer 's complaints , and will be posted at the gate of the food and beverage unit or the customer 's entrance , so as to enable customers to understand the hygiene conditions of the restaurant .
( by reporter hu qifeng )
security council decides to extend mandate of peacekeeping forces in ethiopia and eritrea
the united nations security council today agreed to extend the mandate of the un peacekeeping forces in ethiopia and eritrea for six months to january 31 next year .
the resolution called on all parties concerned to carry out their commitments , exercise restraint , ease the tense situation , avoid provocative military activities , urge eritrea to immediately withdraw its troops and heavy military equipment from the temporary security zone , and urge ethiopia to reduce the number of additional military troops deployed in the vicinity of the temporary security zone .
the resolution called on ethiopia to take immediate and concrete steps to enable the council of the border of eritrea to quickly set the border without preconditions , and demanded that eritrea no longer delay or set no preconditions for the removal of all restrictions on the operations and operations of the mission .
the resolution reiterated its full support for the work of the eritrea - ethiopia border committee and welcomed its decision to hold a meeting with the two sides in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , border conflicts broke out between eritrea and ethiopia , killing more than 70,000 people .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed a cease - fire agreement in algiers , capital of algeria .
since july 2001 , the united nations has deployed peacekeeping troops along the border of ethiopia and eritrea to monitor the implementation of the cease - fire agreement between the two countries .
( by reporter wu zhiqiang and wang xiangjiang )
national basketball tournament opens in beijing
xinhua news agency , chengdu , june 30 ,
xing coral and reporter tian yuan reported : in order to implement the spirit of the party central committee 's instructions on building a harmonious socialist society , to coordinate with the building of a socialist new rural area , to sing the theme of " all - people health and olympic games , " to enrich the cultural and sports life of the masses , and to " welcome the olympic games at the county level national basketball tournament " was launched in shuangliu county , chengdu , on 30 july .
the six - day tournament attracted 10 men 's basketball teams from various parts of the country .
according to the regulations , athletes participating in the competition must be amateur athletes aged 18 or above .
all professional and professional athletes registered at the state sports general administration 's basketball athletes management center from 2006 to 2007 are not allowed to participate in the competition .
the " basketball rules " recently approved by the chinese basketball association are divided into two stages of the preliminary and final .
this competition is sponsored by the basketball management center of the state sports general administration , the chinese basketball association , and the china international sports tourism corporation , etc.
in recent years , the cultural and sports undertakings in shuangliu county , which has a history of more than 2,000 years , have developed rapidly , and shuangliu county has won a series of special honors , such as " national advanced counties in sports " and " advanced units of national mass sports . "
in particular , in the new rural construction , shuangliu county has made great efforts to carry out the peasants ' sports and fitness projects , integrated the construction of sports facilities with the " beautification , greening , and lighting " of the rural areas , built the stadium in the rural areas , and built the sports service system in the rural areas .
three major functions of modern military uniforms
the first is the identification function .
they are important symbols of different countries ' armed forces , different services , and arms , as well as the armed forces and the people .
although the military uniforms of more than 100 countries in the world are basically the same , no military uniforms of any two countries are the same .
the second is the symbolic function .
to a certain extent , military uniforms are a reflection of the spiritual outlook of a country and the characteristics of a nation , and are also a concentrated embodiment of a country 's armed forces ' combat capability and military personnel 's qualities .
among the three major categories of military uniforms , namely , uniforms , regular uniforms , and training uniforms , the most capable of giving full play to the national and military prestige is none other than a beautiful and elegant dress .
third is protection functions .
along with the rapid development of new and high - tech weapons and equipment , enhancing the comprehensive protection capability of the new type of training equipment has become the most important issue in the development of the military uniform .
( shi wei )
party committee organs of a certain group dare to deal with thorny issues
xinhua news agency , chengdu , july 3 ,
qu mingmao and yang ruyu reported : " we can live in the apartment because of the determination and determination of the party committee of the brigade to clean up the house . "
today , more than 10 cadres of a certain communications training group of the chengdu military region , who have moved to the apartment , have been filled with admiration and thanks for the work style of the " leading members " of the party committee of the regiment who are bold in solving tough problems .
a few years ago , along with the replacement of personnel , some of the houses of the unit 's family members were occupied in violation of the regulations , making it difficult for the cadres to live in housing , and the officers and men have quite a lot of opinions on this .
the group has also made it clear several times that this problem has become an old , big , and difficult one because of all kinds of resistance .
" as long as we have the courage to be more truthful and reasonable , we will not be able to resolve the difficult problems . "
after the new leading body of the party committee reached a consensus , the principal leaders personally came forward to thoroughly sort out all the problems of illegal occupation of houses .
on the one hand , they have been guided by the feelings of the people , and they hope that the personnel concerned will take the overall situation into consideration , and on the other hand , they will make clear the relevant policies and regulations on the army 's housing , fund - raising , and economic housing , and show the firm determination and principled stand of the party committee .
party committees and organs have promptly contacted their units and adopted corresponding measures to urge them to take the initiative to coordinate with the work of the troops .
after two months of meticulous work , all the households in the barracks who had illegally occupied their houses were relocated on time , and all the cadres of the brigade were given housing in accordance with the regulations .
the work style of the party committee of the group , which is bold in tackling tough problems , has also produced a chain effect . as a result , several cadres who are unwilling to actively cooperate with the organization in the distribution of cadres have now expressed their willingness to submit themselves to the decision of the organization .
qiao qingchen meets bangladesh air force chief
xinhua news agency , beijing , july 9 ,
report by reporter zhang shun : qiao qingchen , member of the central military commission and commander of the air force , met in beijing today with the chief of staff of the bangladesh air force , and his party .
qiao qingchen said : since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and bangladesh , bilateral relations have been developing smoothly , high - level contacts have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
both countries trust each other , support each other , help each other , and cooperate closely in international affairs and in their national construction .
the chinese side appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support to china on the issues of taiwan , human rights , and tibet .
qiao qingchen said : the chinese armed forces treasure the development of friendly relations with the bangladesh armed forces , and hope that with the joint efforts of both sides , the two armed forces will further expand the scope and level of friendly cooperation , strengthen friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two air forces , and raise the friendly and cooperative relations between the two armed forces to a new level .
he said that bangladesh will make positive efforts to further develop the friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two armed forces , especially the two air forces .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
prior to the meeting , qiao qingchen held a welcoming ceremony for zio 's visit .
qi arrived in beijing on july 8 for an official goodwill visit to china at the invitation of qiao qingchen .
the designer of the 07 - style military uniform is a guest at the china military online .
starting from 1 august , the pla units will be wearing the 07 - type military uniform .
this evening , the chinese military network specially invited chen jun , deputy director of the armament department of the general logistics department of the people 's liberation army , and su yang , senior engineer of the military equipment research institute of the general logistics department , and one of the designers of the 07 - type military uniform , to the chinese military network to discuss the background of the birth of the new military uniform and the development process of the new military uniform .
the two guests are the direct participants in the design and development of the 07 - type military uniform .
when talking about the changes in the new military uniform , they said that the 2007 - type uniform was designed on the basis of the previous equipment , especially the 97 - type military uniform , and has made several hundred improvements in seven aspects , including the series , standard , and pattern of the military uniform .
the greatest characteristic of the 07 - type military uniform is that it has embodied the requirements of a series of lines , functions , and human nature , and has enabled our military uniform to meet the standards of coordination , complete variety , and a series of supporting standards for the three armed services for the first time , indicating that the level of our army 's military uniform building has achieved a historic leap .
the two guests also had a wide - ranging exchange of views with website visitors on the variety , style , number , and wearing of the new uniform .
the interview was jointly sponsored by the china military network and the china . org . cn , the new wave network , and the china mobile network .
jingjiang city people 's armed forces department sets up platform to improve the quality of specialized military cadres
on june 18 , at a special training class for military cadres in jingjiang city , jiangsu province , the " psychological warfare under the condition of winning the information warfare " guidance class , which was given by lu yuqing , minister of the armed forces of the western region , was unanimously praised by the participants .
this is a new change made by the people 's armed forces department of the city in light of the actual conditions of the post , which has placed a heavy burden on specialized military cadres and has made efforts to improve the comprehensive quality of specialized military cadres .
at the beginning of this year , the party committee of the people 's armed forces department discovered during its investigation and study at the grass - roots level that some military cadres have a long term of office , and there are too many posts at the same time , and they have not focused their energies on the armed forces work .
for this reason , they have adopted such methods as concentrated training , training , and relying on local party schools to train specialized military cadres on a regular basis , and have made efforts to solve the problems of the narrow knowledge of military cadres and the unitary professional quality of military cadres .
in connection with the work of the central authorities , we should boldly assign tasks to the military cadres who are engaged in specialized work , and put pressure on them , so as to enhance their ability to take up posts through the training of their posts .
at the same time , they have actively coordinated with the local organization departments , jointly formulated a " plan for the recruitment of specialized military cadres , " and explicitly stipulated that the armed forces ministers must be promoted to the leading bodies of the party committees at the same level and should no longer serve concurrently in other posts .
we have established a mechanism for the adjustment and exchange of specialized military cadres . we have promptly readjusted and exchanged some specialized military cadres who are too old and are not suited to the work of the armed forces at the grass - roots level , and have promoted and used those comrades with good comprehensive quality and strong work ability .
not long ago , chen yisong , director of the armed forces equipment department of the new century shipbuilding company , led the militia technical detachment in the innovative development of underwater ship welding technology , filled the gap in china , and was upgraded to the post of director of the armed forces department of the company .
at the beginning of the good , it is still necessary to do a good job .
in terms of the results of the competition alone , the score of 2 : 2 is reasonable , and it is acceptable to the chinese team , and the key lies in the process of the competition .
if the iranian team leads by 2 : 0 , then the chinese team will turn the score , it will certainly give the chinese fans a different feeling , and will have a very long morale , but it is a pity that the situation is just the opposite .
it can be said that it is an old problem for the chinese team .
the chinese team often does not play the ball under the excellent situation , and the general view is that the psychological quality of the chinese players is not good enough .
this is indeed one of the reasons why the chinese team cannot " come to a good end . "
however , judging from the chinese team 's competition today , it seems that it is not all the same .
sun jihai , sun xiang , shao jiayi , zheng zhi , and others had played the ball in europe . li weifeng and others were also old men who had long been in the sand field . they had a broad understanding of the matter . they said that there would not be any problem in their psychological quality .
the reason for the chinese team 's regret being forced by the iranian team is that the deployment of the troops will be ineffective .
under backward conditions , the iranian team changed to two , and the scene immediately changed .
the chinese team also changed three players in the second half , but the results were not good .
it is necessary to correct the root cause of the problem in order to overcome the problem of not being good at the beginning and not ending well .
as long as the problems are accurately identified , it is probably not difficult to find a way to correct the problems .
they are afraid that they will go to hospital for emergency treatment .
if this goes on , the chinese team will play more matches , and the old problems will continue , and it will not be as good as what people expect to do .
ministry of public security awarded second - class collective merit to the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital
xinhua news agency , shenzhen , july 18 ,
li guoliang and huang qi reported : for many years , the hospital of the guangdong frontier defense corps , while doing a good job in providing medical support for the troops , has spared no effort to help the masses in difficulty , and has been loving the hearts of the people in all parts of the country .
this morning , the ministry of public security held a grand meeting in shenzhen to commend the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital for its second - class collective meritorious service and the report meeting on the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people .
the guangdong frontier defense corps hospital has taken the building of social harmony as its own responsibility . it has set up three equal - price hospitals in phuket , longhua , and baoan in shenzhen , which are specially targeted at the workers from outside the province . the medical fee for the workers from outside the province is only one yuan , and the inspection fee and operation fee can be 20 percent .
the hospital is specially equipped with a " caring service vehicle " to carry out free medical treatment for peasant workers and to introduce a " health service card " for peasant workers . each person is required to pay only 7 yuan per month to enjoy 12 basic medical examination and support .
more than 12,000 peasant workers have benefited from this measure .
since 2003 , the hospital has also launched a large - scale activity of " lighting a thousand lights , " and has organized a total of eight medical staff to go to tibet , jiangxi , yunnan , qinghai , and other places to " send the light and send the health , " and to carry out a free operation of nearly 3,000 cataract operations , so that the patients can see a bright future .
with effect from august 1 , the armed police force has changed their 2007 - style clothes .
starting from 1 august , the armed police force will replace the 2007 - style clothes one after another .
today , this reporter saw from the ceremony for the issuance of the armed police units ' 07 - type clothes and the demonstration of their uniforms that this time , there are 105 varieties of uniforms , regular clothes , training clothes , and emblems .
the color of clothing has been adjusted from the existing canary green to a deep canary green , with a full - length shirt and a pair of trousers , and the overall design time is strong , and in the setup of the number one type , it is based on the national standard of clothing .
female officers and men have been changed from the big - eyed hat to the big - eyed hat , and the winter uniform of police officers has been changed from a closed - door type to an open - door type , and the spring and autumn uniform has been changed to a hunting pattern .
the newly added brand name brand , the level of assets , the national defense service charter , and the blue - collar belt , as well as the newly designed cap badge , chest , flowers , badges , and canons , have strengthened the ability to identify the clothes , and strengthened the aesthetics of the beauty .
the armed police force 's 2007 - style clothes will be changed in three years .
before august 1 , 2007 , the army will also be able to change the uniforms of police officers , civilian cadres , and national flag guards , the military band , and the cultural group , and to exchange spring and autumn uniforms , summer uniforms , and emblems for police officers , civilian cadres , and soldiers stationed in beijing .
in may 2008 , they delivered spring and autumn uniform , summer uniform , and emblems to soldiers and students of other units .
in october 2008 , they changed their winter clothes and clothes for police officers .
in december 2009 , a new winter uniform will be issued for soldiers .
the training will be gradually changed as the season begins in 2008 .
a certain base of the second artillery corps ' " small , scattered , remote , and directly administered " education coordination zone begins operation
the phenomenon of small , scattered , remote , and directly administered units having difficulty in organizing education , having little resources , and fighting on their own will become history at a certain base of the second artillery corps .
this reporter recently learned that after six months of trial - point work , the base has issued the " procedures for implementing the ' outline of ideological and political education ' , " covering all the small , scattered , and remote units of the base , and has been formally put into operation .
in order to promote the effective implementation of the " outline of ideological and political education , " the base has organized forces to carry out in - depth investigation and study of the current situation of ideological and political education in small , scattered , and remote units , and has sorted out the key problems that affect and restrict the time , personnel , and results of education , and has initially formed a new type of education model for the small , scattered , and remote units to cooperate in the work .
the specific method of the coordination area is to break the demarcation line of the organizational structure of the units , and to set up a brigade - level unit in the small , scattered , and remote areas where the units are relatively concentrated , to carry out a unified plan for the education on the theme , and the units of different subordinate units will be able to listen to the lectures on the same platform or make long - distance discussions with the help of the video system .
it is necessary to adopt the method of combining rotational teaching with competition for posts to make a unified deployment of educational forces , the unified use of educational hardware in the whole region , the sharing of data and educational experience by various units , and the regular organization of the typical examples of the regions and the exchange of experiences among officers and men in the study .
a full - time educational liaison officer and part - time educational information gathering personnel have been set up in each co - operation zone .
on this basis , various coordination areas have also established a system of seeking help for difficult problems , discussing major educational topics , and giving an emergency ideological report and assessment and assessment .
zhang shengmin , director of the political department of the base , told this reporter that the establishment of a political education coordination zone has not only reduced the waste of educational resources , but also deepened the results of education .
some political teachers are afraid of losing their jobs in front of the officers and men of other units , and take the initiative to study new knowledge and explore new methods of education .
the officers and men who have been educated have also actively digested the contents of the education , and they are afraid that they will speak in front of the officers and men of the neighboring units .
this has effectively stimulated the enthusiasm of educators and educators .
a certain repair group of the north china sea fleet has all the seats allocated to soldiers .
on july 17 , under the leadership of zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of a repair group of the north china sea fleet , 31 soldiers of the regiment , who have been working on the repair front line for a long time , happily set foot on the train in beidaihe .
luo xiangming , a sixth - class nco , told this reporter with pleasure : " the leaders of the brigade are concerned about and cherish the soldiers , and we are deeply moved by this . after we are in convalescence , we will surely redouble our efforts ! "
this is the first time that we have organized grass - roots soldiers to be in convalescence .
not long ago , group commander yao qingsheng went down to the grass - roots level to see that some soldiers in charge of the repair work carried out equipment maintenance work at high temperature , which greatly moved yao qingsheng .
" the party committee should show concern for and care for the soldiers and be responsible for the soldiers ' health , " said yao qingsheng at the party committee meeting .
after study , the party committee made a decision to allocate the upper level to the brigade all the seats in convalescence to the soldiers working on the first line of repair .
a certain unit of the jinan military region has made its affairs known to the public , making " hot spots " not hot
this newspaper ,
wang weiqin and special correspondent li deying reported : on 25 july , the author saw at a certain service company of the jinan military region : a public notice page on the major issues of the army 's engineering tenders , financial expenses , the promotion of cadres , and the entry of the nco into the party was prominently displayed in the show window .
according to the briefing given by political commissar su chengsen , this is a concrete measure taken by the ministry to promote the system of opening affairs to the public .
at the beginning of this year , in order to strengthen the building of a sound party style and a clean and honest government , the party committee of this unit formulated the " two - way supervision of the grass - roots units " and the " public announcement of sensitive issues , " and called on all major issues involving the immediate interests of officers and men and the building of the troops to make a decision after listening to the opinions of the officers and men at the grass - roots level .
the unit has set up a comment box and a public notice board , and has opened a " voice board " on the local area network to extensively solicit opinions and suggestions from the public .
at the beginning of this year , the party committee organs extensively solicited the opinions of officers and men before the start of the renovation and transformation project of the dormitory building of the soldiers , and then released information on the bidding and open tender .
this has saved both funds and the support of officers and men .
opening affairs to the public has given impetus to the formation of a good atmosphere at the grass - roots level .
in this unit , the grass - roots companies , no matter whether they are determined by the hot and sensitive issues , or whether they are small to visit their relatives and take leave , and the daily expenses of their food accounts , have persistently made public the public on a regular basis , and have consciously accepted the supervision of the masses .
( international ) study shows housing shaking is related to two genetic variants
xinhua news agency , london , july 2 , through research , icelandic scientists have found that the risk of people suffering from changes in two genes in their bodies is far higher than ordinary people .
according to a report in the latest issue of the " nature " magazine , the above - mentioned discovery was made after the researchers of iceland 's " research company for the discoding of the genes of several thousand people from iceland , sweden , the united states , and hong kong , china . "
the two genes found by scientists are similar to a genetic position that plays an important role in the early stage of heart development .
the shaking of the heart is one of the most common mental disorder in the clinical world , which can lead to fear , shortness of breath , fatigue , and soldiers .
in addition , according to a report in the 1 st issue of the " natural heritage " magazine , researchers of the " dimo - based transmission company " also found on the human chromosome 17 two genes that are related to the cancer of the former , and they have played a certain role in more than one - third of the cases of the front - line cancer .
the study also found that one of the genes also lowered the risk of suffering from the second type of diabetes while raising the risk of people suffering from prenatal cancer .
( sports ) old men 's american cup to retire
xinhua news agency , malawi , july 3 , by wire ( reporter jian liu )
the 37 - year - old american man said in an interview here today that he would choose to retire if he could not find a suitable club after the american cup .
" if four to six weeks after the end of the american cup , i will not be able to get a contract of one or two season for the high - standard league team , then retirement may be a good choice for me .
" along with the lowering of the men 's team to the german team , keller also left this team that has served more than two seasons . "
although keller has a heart - felt hand , he is obviously not worried about going down to the house , and he himself frankly said that at present , there are as many as eight teams that intend to invite them to join .
however , this old man , who had served in the west a , the english premier , and the german league , said that his final choice would depend on his family , " my child is already nine years old , and he has been waiting in three different countries , and he has been in three different schools , and my choice now is to consider how to benefit my family . "
in the gold cup , which ended not long ago , keller played an outstanding role in helping the united states win the championship .
in the current american cup , he was still entrusted by the head coach , brundari , but he was unable to deal with the other side . the united states , which was on the mission of the " youth near the guardian army , " was not a strong opponent of argentina and paraguay , and the two matches were held in the gate of his defense .
the next match against colombia is likely to be the final performance of the united states and the united states in this year 's american cup .
( overseas china ) strawberry intelligent cell phone to land in china market at the end of august
xinhua news agency , ottawa , july 4 , according to a report by the canadian " global post " on the 4 th , after eight years of efforts , the canadian arm of the giant strawberries has finally been approved to enter the chinese market , and the first model of black strawberry cell phone will be listed in china at the end of august .
the chief executive officer of the arm , mr jim barley , said that he would introduce strawberries cell phone service to commercial customers in china 's major cities such as beijing , shanghai , guangzhou , etc.
the " global post " quoted a manager of the company 's beijing office as saying that it will land in the chinese market at the end of august with a price of about us $ 700 , and has received 5,000 orders .
the listing of apple 's ibrone cell phone last week has made people pay more and more attention to intelligent cell phones , and as a competitor of ibrone , black strawberry cell phones are now being sold in more than 100 countries in the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , the number of new users in the company 's black strawberries has reached 1.2 million , and the total number of users has reached 9.2 million .
( international ) spain : masked husband and wife arrested
xinhua news agency , madrid , july 7 , a spanish woman was attacked by masked culprits . in the struggle , she pulled off the culprit 's face and discovered that the victim was her husband , and the police had arrested him .
according to local media reports on the 6 th , the woman was working in a noodle shop in the city of barrencia .
one day , a masked man burst into the shop and she thought that she was a thief and told him to take money from a drawer to leave .
but the man did not take money , but pinpointed the woman 's neck and wanted to kill her .
she wanted to use the method of loading her to evade the fate , but the man still did not let her off , still kicked her and cut her neck .
during the struggle , the woman was dragged down by the ruffian 's face , but she was surprised to see that the man was her husband .
the culprit was arrested by the police .
the victim told the media that due to a lack of feelings , she and her husband are in the process of divorce and they have two children .
13 pilots resign from wuhan airlines ' anti - lawsuit claim over 100 million yuan
xinhua news agency , wuhan , july 11 th , by reporter yangpi liu
thirteen pilots have resigned , and the " dongjia " wuhan company , ltd . of china eastern airlines , has issued a huge compensation bill of as high as 105 - million yuan . this is the largest labor dispute resolution in hubei province that has so far received the largest amount of compensation .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee is now examining the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the wuhan company of the eastern airlines submitted their resignation one after another and were rejected by the company .
after that , the pilot submitted a labor arbitration application to the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee in early june , asking for a ruling to terminate the labor relations with the wuhan company of the eastern airlines .
after receiving a notice of response to the case , the wuhan company of the eastern airlines filed a countercharge , demanding that 13 pilots pay the losses of more than 6 million yuan to more than 10 million yuan , which were caused by the violation of the labor contract agreement , and a total of 105 million yuan .
it has been learned that the contract signed between the pilot and the eastern airlines is a fixed - term labor contract . in addition to the conditions stipulated in the labor contract , the labor contract will continue to serve the legal retirement age of the pilot .
the hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration committee will handle the case together with appeals and counterappeals , and it is expected that the trial will end before 8 august .
( international ) germany urges russia to pass border treaty with russia as soon as possible
xinhua news agency , lagos , july 12 ( reporter yang dehong ) - visiting german foreign minister schily called on the russian side to pass the latin american - russian border treaty as soon as possible on the 12th .
the two sides discussed bilateral relations and cooperation between latvia and the european union , as well as the development of relations between the european union and the european union .
at a news conference held after the talks , schily called on the russian side to pass the latin american - russian border treaty as soon as possible .
schily said that the pace of improving relations between latvia and the entire baltic countries and russia is relatively slow , and the signing of the latin american - russian border treaty has witnessed the course of development of relations between latin america and russia . however , the " shadow of history " may also make the relations between latin america and russia retrogress , and it is hoped that russia will pass the latin american - russian border treaty as soon as possible to promote the development of relations between the two countries .
on march 27 this year , after 10 years of negotiations , latvian prime minister karviz clerides and russian prime minister fradkov signed the border treaty in moscow .
on 17 may , the latin american parliament passed the latin american - russian border treaty .
according to the latvian media , the russian parliament will vote on the treaty in the near future .
( international ) the dprk and the rok will hold their sixth round of talks
xinhua news agency , pyongyang , july 16 th , by reporter haorong gao and xia yu
the military representatives of the democratic people 's republic of korea ( dprk ) and the republic of korea ( rok ) held a routine military meeting in panmunjon on 16 june . the two sides agreed to hold the sixth round of talks between the two sides from 24 to 26 june .
according to a report by the dprk central news agency , the dprk military representative and senior colonel of the dprk people 's army , pak lin - su , in his contact on the same day , put forward a proposal to set up a joint fishing zone between the yanping island in the western part of the dprk and the bailing island , and gave a detailed explanation of the reason .
he said : to establish a joint fishing zone , it is necessary to implement the principle of seeking common prosperity of the nation to the maximum and ensuring peaceful and stable fishing operations .
when talking about the issue of the maritime boundary between the two sides , park lin - su said that in order to prevent a military conflict between the two sides in the western sea area , the two sides should abandon their respective maritime boundaries , acknowledge and respect each other 's sovereignty , and regard the relevant agreement between the dprk and the rok , the korean armistice agreement , and the internationally recognized laws as the basis for consultations .
he said : it is the dprk military 's " consistent stand " to promptly formulate military support measures to promote cooperation and exchanges between the dprk and the rok .
he said : at present , the rok side should take military measures to ensure that the dprk 's civilian vessels can directly go out of the port of haizhou and freely pass through the cheju strait .
this is the second routine military meeting between the dprk and the rok recently held after the 10 th of this month .
the fifth dprk - rok talks will be held at the " unification cabinet " on the side of the dprk side of panmunjon from 8 to 11 may .
( international ) hyundai motor denies intention to acquire volvo
xinhua news agency , seoul , july 18 , a spokesman for south korea 's modern automobile company said in seoul on the 18 th that the company has no intention to buy any brand of volvo or ford motor company .
the sunday times and the new york times reported a few days ago that ford might sell volvo .
the sunday times even said in a report that south korea 's hyundai motor is a potential buyer of volvo .
a spokesman for the modern automobile company said : " we are not interested in the acquisition of volvo , the czech republic , or the tiger . " " at this moment , we are busy implementing our own expansion plan , and we are basically unable to take care of it . "
in 1999 , ford spent us $ 6.45 billion on purchasing the volvo brand from sweden 's volvo group .
at present , volvo , luhu , and jep are all subordinate to ford 's chief automobile group ( pmg ) .
in march this year , ford , who was in a loss of us $ 848 million , sold aston martin , a subsidiary of the p , and last month it said it was considering selling the tiger and the jeb .
( sports ) cuba complained that the rope beating was too short
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , july 21 , by wire ( reporters weihua chen and leng tong )
the cuban delegation complained on the 21 st that the rope in the pan - us games is too short , which will affect the performance of the boxing team .
according to the rules of the international boxing federation , the length of the rope in an international competition should be 6.1 meters . however , according to the survey by the cuban delegation coach pedro roque , the length of the rope in the pan - american games is more than one meter short of the standard .
roque said : " we have submitted a formal protest , because this incident does not affect a country in cuba , but involves all people .
the rope is too short to influence the boxing team 's evasion . "
he also jokingly said : " if you cannot find a rope that meets the olympic standard in the rio group , you can go to other places .
if we knew it long ago , we brought it from cuba . "
the mexican and colombian delegations also expressed their dissatisfaction with the length of the rope skipping .
despite the first victory of the colombian boxing team , he said : " although i have won the first match , the beating is too narrow , and i really feel unhappy . "
more orders for export of rabbit milk sugar to overseas dealers
xinhua news agency report of july 24th from shanghai ( by staff reporter xu shousong and yu lihong ) - this reporter learned from the guanshengyuan ( group ) company , ltd . that the export of the dabai rabbit milk sugar , which has been held in shanghai port for a time , has recently resumed , and many overseas dealers have also demanded additional orders one after another .
mr. lin qingrong , a distributor of guansheng garden in singapore and the funan company , recently sent a telegram to the guanshengyuan group , saying that since the singapore agriculture , grain , and veterinary bureau had tested the results of the large - scale rabbit milk sugar in a sample , it could be sold normally in the market .
the malaysian distributor , fengsheng company , said that it would ask the guanshengyuan to immediately transport a container from shanghai to malaysia .
the distributor of guansheng garden in hong kong , ng fung trading limited , also called the guanshengyuan , saying that the hong kong centre for food safety ( cfs ) had taken samples from the hong kong supermarket , which was confirmed to have no formaldeformaldealdeity .
the company has received notification from the china resources supermarkets in hong kong that it has decided to resume the sale of rabbit milk sugar at more than 100 outlets in hong kong .
it has been learned that the export of the ten containers in shanghai port has been gradually restored .
at present , there are seven containers of rabbit milk sugar being sent to countries such as singapore , costa rica , malaysia , india , nepal , and the united states .
( international ) criminal suspects arrested for making bomb threats from british supermarkets
xinhua news agency , london , july 26 , the british police announced on the 26 th that the criminal suspects who made the threat of the " special buying " supermarket bomb in britain in mid - july were arrested on the 23 rd in kirsetia county .
police said that the 51 - year - old man , who is a unemployed person , will be charged with blackmail and causing bomb panic .
on the afternoon of 14 july ( saturday ) , 14 " particularly easy - to - buy " supermarkets in britain were immediately closed by the police due to the threat of bombs , and their business was resumed the next day .
saturday was the peak time when british people went to the supermarkets to buy , and the closure of 14 supermarkets caused the largest chain supermarkets in britain to lose millions of pounds in sales revenue .
the british police then conducted a criminal investigation into the bomb threat and announced that there were no signs of terrorist activities in the incident , but there might be some economic motives behind it .
( sports ) flower change period to " wrong season " of beijing olympics
xinhua news agency report of july 28 th from beijing ( by staff reporter cui junqiang ) - the high temperature and humid august beijing is expected to become a sea of flowers when the olympics is held next year .
through technological means such as changing the flower period , scientific research personnel have found a good way to add color to the olympic games .
at the " summer olympic flowers selection and cultivation and application research conference " held in beijing on 28 august , the experts concluded that the use of the new technology for promoting control and cultivation , and the different types of flowers and plants in the natural flower period can bloom at the same time in the summer and achieve the best results in the august olympics in beijing .
in the summer of beijing , there are usually only a dozen or so flowers in full bloom , and most of the flowers have already withered , or they are far from being placed on the press .
through their efforts , scientific research personnel selected 206 and 400 varieties of summer olympics flowers and plants .
the " 2007 olympic flower show " held in beijing 's haiding park will be held before and after the first anniversary of the opening of the beijing olympic games , a number of flowers , which have been carefully cultivated by scientific research personnel , will be welcomed by the visitors with bright flowers .
( international ) turkey 's ruling party wins parliamentary election
xinhua news agency , ankara , july 30 ( reporter wang jian ) the final results of the 23 rd parliamentary election released by the supreme election commission of turkey on the 30 th showed that the ruling justice and development party won 341 seats of the 550 seats , and won the right to form a cabinet .
in the parliamentary election on july 22 , the main opposition party , the republican party , won 112 seats .
the national action party won 71 seats in the election .
in addition to the above three political parties , 26 non - party members have been elected to the council .
the new parliament will hold its first meeting on august 4 .
at that time , all members of the legislative council will be sworn in and begin to perform their duties .
after that , the parliament will elect a new speaker by secret ballot .
the turkish parliament election was originally scheduled to be held in november . however , in the presidential election at the end of april , the opposition parties resisted the only candidate , the deputy prime minister and foreign minister of the ruling party , and the ruling party , resulting in the failure of the presidential election .
the central commission for discipline inspection and i am worried about the effect of your " deadline for anti - corruption "
[ panchen lama 's doubts in 2007 - 07 - 02 14 : 41 : 10 ] [ text message ] [ 3 ]
beginning 30 may , the central commission for discipline inspection has given a period of one month to corrupt and corrupt elements in all parts of the country , that is , by 30 june , it is necessary to grasp the case without taking the initiative to confess within such a time limit .
when i heard it , i could not help but laughing at it , and the police told the thief one month ahead of time that they would take the initiative to tell the thief . otherwise , if you were arrested , how could there be such an anti - corruption case in the world ?
is this not tantamount to clearly telling the corrupt officials to hurry up and transfer the evidence of crime ?
what is the intention ?
hey , there is no way to say this .
when it comes back , even if it is really effective , what is the effect ?
can we contain and deter corrupt officials ?
we do not rule out the possibility that some of them will take the initiative to give an account of the situation , but will they not run even more ?
not to mention whether the central commission for discipline inspection has achieved significant results in the fight against corruption , but it seems that the other role has played .
that is , all the corrupt officials in various localities are very grateful to the central commission for discipline inspection for their good feelings and happiness .
in a month 's time , it is enough to quickly transfer the capital and financial resources .
if i were corrupt officials , i would definitely think that i would not go to you to make a declaration on my own initiative .
all the corrupt officials were happy to see this : ha ha , thank you .
the people were really confused and confused , and how could it be so difficult for them to carry out the struggle against corruption in a sweeping and decisive manner ?
how much will such an anti - corruption campaign play ?
in short , the central commission for discipline inspection and i am worried about the effect of your " deadline for anti - corruption .
not privatization is the bottom line of my heart
[ idioms in 2007 - 07 - 02 10 : 34 : 39 ] [ text message ] [ 3 ]
not privatization is the bottom line of my heart
i think i am a person who is not easy to get angry , at least my own feeling is like this .
all along , the speeches made at the forum have been rational and peaceful , and very few of them have lost their sense and nonsense .
i have always maintained a high degree of confidence and ardent expectations in the party central committee , and no matter how much reform measures do not conform to my concept , i can accept them and regard them as one of the " characteristics .
however , once the land is privatization ( or in disguised form ) , then all this will lose the foundation for existence .
the greatest social resources are land and natural resources .
the labor people and land resources are the fundamental of a country .
as long as the nature of land and resources remains unchanged , the nature of this country will not be easy to change , and once the nature of land and resources is changed , everything will basically change .
i am not a communist party member , but i clearly remember that i once made the following vow : " love the motherland , love the people , study well , do a good job of training , and prepare for the communist cause ! "
" study diligently , work actively , be the first to bear hardships , enjoy the last , and struggle for the cause of communism ! "
like me , people who have made such a vow to sing " we are the successors of socialism , " if they are not shameless , then they should remember their own vow .
if you have betrayed your own vow and asked you to stand up in a calm manner , walk away from the side of " communism , " and on the one hand you hold this signboard to deceive the masses , and on the other hand you are pondering how to sell this signboard at a good price .
of course , i hope that all these worries are uncalled - for , but i hope i can always remain rational and calm .
we should remember that " we are the successors to socialism .
if there are no classes , what should we do ?
the feelings of one generation and two times
in the previous period , some people proposed , did the 30 - year - old man support mao ?
later , he was changed to 20 .
as a matter of fact , people in this age group have never experienced the mao zedong era at all , and they do not know whether those who raise this question are the brain being filled with water or the congenital brain suffering .
in cities , the people who have the most say in the mao zedong era should be those who have personally experienced that era , those who have suffered from the sufferings of those years , that is , those who were born between 1950 and 1960 .
after their birth , their parents took part in the exercise and did not give their children a relative love .
when they need nourishment , they can catch up with three years of natural disasters and suffer from hunger .
they started to go to school and suffered from a great cultural revolution , and they abandoned their studies for several years .
some of them even end their life - long studies , and they are 15 - 17 years old and have not yet completed their studies . they are forced to give up their studies , respond to the party 's call , go to the countryside , and support the border areas .
after working , they held that the working class was the most glorious and voluntary choice of the most dirty and exhausted work .
it was a glorious moment , and i had a wander for a life .
when they got married , they only gave birth to one child at night and started from them .
they should be paid long - term wages , and they should be given a diploma by the enterprise , because they do not have a diploma .
as a result , they have made great efforts to cultivate their children , and they have completed basic education for their children . they have been admitted to the university , and they have been able to catch up with the reform of the education system , and the reform of state - owned enterprises has increased their tuition , and they are laid off .
with the increasing age , they began to get sick and unfortunately caught up with the reform of the medical system , with the result that their bodies were unable to receive medical treatment because they could not afford the medical expenses .
it can be seen that the unfairness of the entire society is mercilessly lowered on the body of their generation .
however , not many of these people oppose mao zedong and attack mao zedong .
why ?
they are not mao zedong 's slaves , they have blood and meat , and they live in a real life in our society . they have personally experienced the history of going down to the countryside and being laid off and unemployed , and face up to the social phenomena of the two times .
although they are not satisfied with and even hate many bad phenomena in the mao zedong era , such as the lack of study , the lack of food and clothing , and the lack of warm clothing , they still think that the mao zedong era is good from the perspective of the national spirit , the ethics , and the social atmosphere .
the parents of some net friends are this generation , and you can chat with them .
author : march 3 , 2005 , june 23 , 2005 19 : 16 reply to this speech
" injection of watermelon " , " cancer banana " and " carton boxes "
[ news of the year before last , it was reported that the watermelon in hainan was injected into the chemical medicine with a injection device , and the result was that a large number of watermelons in hainan were smashed on the ground , and a large number of guitar farmers did not return home .
the cctv later carried a follow - up report , which confirmed that there was no such thing at all .
this report was very absurd at the beginning , because it is not only meaningless to use the injection device to get shot one after another , but also impossible in terms of workload .
the memory of last year was even clearer , and some media reports said that hainan 's banana tree was suffering from a kind of illness similar to human cancer , and it is hard to avoid the death of the banana tree .
as a result , many people have been misinterpreted as having to suffer from cancer , but the result is the same , and the prices of the banana in hainan have dropped by a large margin , with the result that the tanner farmers have no tears to shed , and they have repeatedly complained about it .
the reason why these two reports have caused a sensation is that they have directly touched on the most sensitive issue in people 's nerve , that is , the issue of food safety .
if the media say that so - and - so food will endanger the health of the people , then it will certainly be spread to 10 or 10 , and people will generally adopt an attitude of being willing to believe in it and not to believe in it . for a person , it will be impossible for him to eat a few hainan watermelon and banana , but it will have a great impact on the production and sales of those products .
not long ago , beijing again came out with a strong material on food safety , because the price of pork was raised , and some people went so far as to use the box to make a big heart - to - heart production package , which is a box .
after hearing this , i was deeply shocked , and i felt that the peddlers were too capable of studying it , and they could actually find a way to make such a person , and then spread the news to the public , to warn their families and friends not to buy them on the streets .
however , it was suddenly reported yesterday that the report in the box was a false news , and the whole thing was fabricated by a person . so , while the media were released , what was the news today ?
the truth that i have learned from the reliable channels is that the " transparency " section of the beijing television station 's life channel has brought with him the heart of the meat , flour , and carton boxes purchased from the market , and has instructed wei and others to mix the boxes into the heart of the meat after the water is soaked .
a certain person took pictures of the production process with his own household dov plane , and then broadcast it by deception .
at present , the public security organs have detained the criminal suspect in accordance with the law and will seriously deal with the case in accordance with the law .
after the incident , the government quickly organized the relevant departments to conduct investigations , and carried out an all - round and thorough inspection of beijing 's breakfast market to ensure the safety of the people 's food table .
after the incident was confirmed , the beijing television station has made an open apology to society , learned a profound lesson , seriously investigated and dealt with the personnel responsible for the incident , further strengthened management , blocked up loopholes , and resolutely eliminated false and false news reports .
however , although the carton boxes are pure , it is still unknown when people dare to go to the small stalls to buy the bags at ease .
this incident also reflects , from one aspect , the government 's attention to the issue of food safety and the rapid action taken by the government , and to a certain extent , shows that the table of the beijing people is still relatively safe , and the incident of the bun tower is a false alarm .
who should be responsible for education ?
recently , when i heard friends from home talking about what i saw and heard in a school , i could not help but express my feelings .
the incident happened at a private middle school in shanghai , southwest china .
the school has decided to allocate the best teachers to three classes from the junior middle school to the senior high school , and to allow a few young teachers who have no high school teaching experience at all and who have failed to achieve good teaching results in the past to bring in a few other classes from outside schools or not to enter the school .
the reason is that the students who signed the agreement agreed to give up the examination of other senior high schools at that time , so the schools should give them the best teachers according to the agreement .
the attitude of the schools toward students in several other classes is to give young teachers an opportunity to temper themselves .
this cannot help but make me feel that who is responsible for education ?
i remember that many years ago when i was studying at a key high school , the whole class was dissatisfied with the teaching level of a mathematical teacher and asked the school to replace the teacher .
later , the school really changed teachers for us , because the school promised to treat every student equally and be responsible to every student .
he has been studying in the united states for 10 years .
in the summer of one year , when selecting the next term of the course , it was found that all the selected courses arranged by the department were highly theoretical , and that there was no arrangement for the courses that were highly applicable .
i ran to talk to the director of the department and told him that i think there was a problem with the course setup .
the department director admitted that the courses that should be applied were not provided because of the lack of teachers , and that the courses could be opened after one or two years of teachers .
i remember at that time i told him : " this is your problem , not me .
i have come from shanghai to study at your school because i have been attracted by your course introduction .
if you do not have the ability to run these courses , you should not put them in the introduction , otherwise this is a false advertisement and is irresponsible to me and my family . "
after listening to my words , the director of the department wanted to say : i see how to resolve the problem .
it may have been too late , because all courses have been arranged to register on the internet .
after three weeks , the director of the department talked to me and was careless in telling me that his work was to be responsible to every student , including me .
he listened to my suggestion and made the greatest efforts to add two more suitable courses , hoping that i would understand it .
after this incident occurred , i studied several classes for the director of the department .
he never had prejudice against me because i gave him my views , and each class gave me a very just way .
on the eve of graduation , i heard that his secretary had made the greatest effort for every student , but not every student was grateful to him .
at the graduation ceremony , when i spoke as an honorary student representative , i told the director of the department : we are always grateful to everyone for what he has done for us because he has done his utmost to take responsibility for everyone of us .
i feel that i have made the correct choice of my life to go to school here .
here , i see that the director of the department has hidden tears in his eyes . if one day , every chinese education worker and the entire education system can be responsible to every student , i think that the day of china 's real takeoff will not be far off .
critriplex yasuda , s4c .
last sunday , we took part in the men 's four - man volleyball tournament in central new york for six and a half hours , and our team finally won the championship .
in fact , the competition is aimed at preparing to participate in the volleyball competition of the new york summer games .
four men 's teams in the central part of new york , including the senior squad , the university team , the 35 - year - old team , and the 45 - year - old israeli team , will be divided into four teams .
the rules of the competition are very interesting , and the only way is to attack the rear row , not to put the ball within the three - meter line , and only two to one person can block the net and not change the position .
therefore , it is basically testing the strength of attack and the position of defensive judgment .
our team has a two - meter - long response , and the attack is both a strong point and a high point . more than 60 percent of the attack and scores in the whole game have been carried out by him , and a two - story story of 1.85 meters , and many people have been killed in a single interception of the net .
a 1.90 - meter secondary attack was made in the rear row , and there were many mistakes in the attack .
it is also my main attack of 1.75 meters , and sometimes the success rate can still be considered , the main point is to take the other side 's cable .
there are a total of seven teams , first in a round - the - clock game , and then our team has won one victory after another , and the magistrates have repeatedly ruled that our side has violated the rules in dealing with the attack , which has greatly affected our morale , and has lost three times in a row .
however , after the defeat , people were calm , and coordination was stabilized in these three events , so they started to win one victory after another .
at the end of the round - the - world competition , our team won three wins and three losses , with a small score in the sixth place .
after that , in addition to the first place , the second to seventh team caught in the finals .
in terms of psychological and tactical stability , our team was strong enough to eat and had a leading edge in the semi - finals .
in the semi - finals , my opponent was strong and weak , and my arm was green and purple . however , once i picked up the mark , the degree of joy was two times that of my own success .
i did not know how much the final score was .
in the final , our opponent had a balance of attack , and our side had quite a few hits , and we were the first to take the lead all the way .
at the end of the 21 : 24 , our side held the point of the game , and the other side asked me to take the two ball . at 23 : 24 , our team had to run over and told me that there was nothing to do with it .
the next ball flew to me , and it was a good thing for me to take it , and the second was passed on to me , and the battle was resolved .
let 's talk about morality .
as far as the scattered and free individuals are concerned , they have said a lot about morality .
i have nothing to say in this regard .
what i want to say now is about the collective .
we often meet the needs of the collective .
on these occasions , it is necessary for a collective to have some morality .
we can often find some good morality in those successful collectives .
this is not accidental .
because as far as these undertakings or activities are concerned , it is necessary to overcome certain current difficulties , unite together , and eliminate those factors that are based on belief , i think that these good morality has also played a role that cannot be ignored .
at least , it is very difficult for a group of people with very low moral standards to do a great success together , and it is quite certain and predictable .
it may be because we can see from a rational and long - term perspective that the wisdom of long - term interests is a must for a collective to succeed .
as a matter of fact , the collective often uses various means to obtain idleness , such as words , words , beliefs , and so on , as well as morality .
only in the morning , in the morning , in the evening , in the white land , can orchids be found everywhere .
( exploration ) now , how many times have you been really happy ?
my good friend at senior high school , i finally got a visa , and at the end of august i could go to the cattle school on the west bank of the united states to study .
today , a few of her classmates gathered together , and she was really happy to see her , and finally got her wish .
looking at her so happy , i really admire her .
thinking of being so big , i was so happy only when i was admitted to high school that time , i never thought that i could be admitted to a number of famous schools in the whole city , and after that , it was a matter of course that i studied at the university , and i did not have such a happy time .
i was admitted to the university , not what i had been looking forward to before , so i was not happy to talk about .
during the university , the only hope is to go to the north after graduation and love the gg integration with me for two years .
one month before i graduated , he put forward the idea of breaking up , and all my illusions before that had turned into a bubble .
after that , i returned to work in the north , and today , i have worked for nearly two years , and i have earned a middle - class car , but i have never been so happy .
today , when i chat with my good friends , i feel very happy that she has made preparations for a year , and has finally been able to smoothly go abroad to start a new life , and the feeling that her dream has come true is really very happy .
i did not plan to continue to study , nor did i like foreign life , because i had worked abroad for half a year before and found that the life of foreign countries was not suitable for me .
when i saw the happiness of my good friends , i could not but think about my pursuit .
what can make me so happy again ?
maybe they found people who really liked me , who were willing to finish the second half of my life with me .
i think at that time , i would cry with excitement , just as my good friend told me , when she was interviewed by the embassy and got the customs clearance pass , she could not help but cried , and she was worried that she had finally made a return .
and what about me ?
in terms of feelings , one battle after another , after another , with the intention of doing business , i will be able to make up for my wish and cry with pleasure .
perhaps there is no interest , and i have never been worried about my own cause , but only feelings ?
when did my feelings come to my end ?
on this issue , i am always very sad .
ladies and gentlemen , do you have all of you ?
now , how many times have you been really happy ?
publicity campaign to promote dongtai institute of construction
oh , it can also be said to give an account of the construction college to the alumni of the dongda university .
the latest first - hand information , plus my personal feelings , is like a fake contract change .
president wang , secretary an , and teacher li of the personnel department , as well as several other teachers from the building technology teaching and research office , took part in the report , and i talked for an hour and a half , and then everyone talked for about one and a half hours .
after the formal report was completed , teacher zhang ( assistant to the president ) dragged me to the side and asked me to close the door of the office .
he was very close to each other and told me that at the formal meeting , he said that he could not say anything about my future income , so he told me about the specific situation of the teachers ' income of the construction institute , which made me feel at ease .
before the report , president wang gave a briefing on the profile of the construction college , saying that there are only six key disciplines in the national construction industry , two in the eastern university , two in qinghua , one in the same economics , and one in the tianda university , and there is no other .
he said that in recent years , the state has paid special attention to building energy conservation , green construction , and construction technology , and the university of east china wants to introduce teachers in this regard .
he said that they have received more than 20 biographical notes on the direction , including domestic , japanese , and us ( it seems that i am one ) .
the institute of construction attaches great importance to this , and has also seriously inspected these applicants .
compared with the construction institutes of some other colleges and universities that i understand , the eastern university is indeed relatively ahead of the eastern university , and the urban planning of the same economy should exceed the eastern university , but in terms of the direction of construction design , it seems that the eastern university can still take a slight lead ( i did not expect it before ) .
president wang said that in the past two years , the institute has sufficient funds for scientific research , which belongs to the institute of key construction projects of the state 985 project .
last year , he told me that 10 million yuan was allocated to the construction of the dongda building , of which 3.5 million were directly used for the purchase of books to enrich the professional library of the construction college ( ha ha , i would like to praise it .
) , almost all the remaining equipment was used to purchase my professional testing equipment .
it is said that a few academicians have quite a lot of opinions .
oh , in the way , some imported equipment , i think , seems to have been slaughtered .
in the united states , there is a very common testing system for the secret air inside the surveying room , and it is estimated that us $ 500 will definitely be taken , and the result is that it will cost 50,000 yuan !
in other cases , many of the colleges and universities in the east china university are now moving to the new school area of jiulonghu , but the construction institute is determined to stay behind , saying that it is necessary to give students a good building atmosphere , and some classic buildings in the old school area can be seen , and there is no new school district .
oh , it seems that she has moved away because of other systems , and the construction college has to have another building .
so , president wang came straight to the point and told me that in the future , i could be assigned an office alone .
i was very embarrassed , when president wang said this , i did not feel anything at all .
later , teacher zhang led me to tell me , saying that this was not easy , because the office was very nervous , and some old professors did not have an independent office .
i am very uneasy about this , and it seems that i do not quite understand the national conditions .
in short , i have been very happy during my visit to the eastern university , and the great devotion and enthusiasm of the leaders of the dongda construction college and the teachers concerned have left a very good impression on me .
i wish the development of the eastern part of the country a smooth development and the institute of construction will continue to take the lead .
the qin huai river in the shadow of the oars of lights
no billowing seats in the world
two weeks ago , i had a meal with my colleagues and saw off the former boss .
this boss can be said to be a woman , who is very good for us , and we are willing to work for her , and even work overtime at night and weekend . this is not seen in the americans , and she is also the best boss who i have worked for .
because she had to take care of her family and had more time to educate her children , she left the company and opened a tutorial class for primary and middle school students .
i believe she will succeed in whatever she does !
sun yanchi presents love and care to sand storms , wounded ( group photo )
take care of children .
the show is " myopia of rats . "
after the congo , sun yanchi will travel to niger , africa , with the world outlook for the second time .
at a press conference yesterday , she admitted that she was the most exhausted itinerary in history .
when visiting the market , the local weather was hot , the drinking water was dirty , and the people were angry with the loss of stones . even the camel was hurt by the camel 's seat .
on her way , she made her cry in her heart several times : " i want to go home ! "
children shocked to see malnutrition .
sun yanchi claimed to be a senior spokesman for the world expo for three consecutive years .
she brought with her 30 bottles of vitamins , 40 mobile phones , and 500 candies to share with local children .
she said that after accumulating experience on many occasions , it would not be enough to take any small gifts .
the most serious problem in niger is that the mother has no understanding of the issue of upbringing , and children have serious malnutrition .
during his eight - hour journey from the capital of niger to the town of tawa 500 kilometers away , sun yanchi experienced a rare sandstorm in the area .
the winds and sand were brought in with rain , and the whole sky was changing .
the jipu car was even shaken by the wind .
looking back at that time , sun yanchi was scared and revealed that although he was in the car , he was very afraid .
later , she listened to the local people 's explanation that sandstorms were a symbol of good luck , bringing rain water to the land , and she was only slightly relieved .
they are with local residents .
sad mother has brought up problems
at the same time , local officials held a welcoming ceremony for a single - peak camel and asked sun yanchi to sit on the camel to receive applause from the local people .
however , the camel was scared by the lights and was not controlled at all .
at the end of the day , sun yanchi jumped on her own , but she was not cautious when she was thrown into the clothes and was injured in her back , leaving a small blood mark of about eight centimeters in length .
during the visit , sun yan - chi visited four local children who were suffering from severe malnutrition , including a four - month - old baby whose weight was only 2.1 kg , which was completely different from that of an individual .
she said : " i see that he is very sad , and his situation is really too exaggerated . however , he should be a mother 's problem and should teach them a correct nutrition concept . "
the key to china 's education lies in human nature .
key to china 's education the key to china 's education is man - made .
the objective of the education is to make it easier for the educated to survive and enjoy in the existing social environment .
" survival " is a very good understanding of everyone , and " enjoyment " may only be simply understood as " pleasure - seeking . " in fact , this is not the case , and the scope of " enjoyment " here is very broad .
survival reporters include the strengthening of physical strength and the strengthening of mental strength .
1 . the strengthening of physical strength , through various kinds of physical activities , will strengthen the strength of the rest , strengthen coordination , constantly enhance the ability to exercise , meet the needs of physical operation , and meet the needs of dealing with society .
2 . strengthening the mental strength of the reporter can better understand the society where he is in , understand himself , learn how to deal with others , and learn how to adapt himself to the survival and experience .
the above - mentioned exposition on the purpose of education is not very much related to this article . at present , we are talking about the key points : the key to china 's education is human .
the nature of human nature is : fully understanding the differences between individual individuals cannot be regarded as equivalent .
club original : several common stages of learning from barney
original : learning from bafftt at several common stages : i am taking a walk
1 ) the first stage : the first stage : the first stage of the understanding , as if the feeling of being the most precious , is immediately applied to practice , but at this time , if you do not have a profound and thorough understanding of the idea of barney , you will often use many mistakes , and use them in a blind manner , and so the results are sometimes not .
2 ) the second stage : " breakthrough " , after a period of study and practice , almost every " smart person " is considering several questions : for example , what should be the case with chinese characteristics ?
do badawi 's theory be used flexibly in china ?
can it be better than badawi ?
therefore , at this stage , the main purpose is to find a theory with chinese characteristics , which is based on the fact that they think they are in the right and are blind to themselves .
after a period of practice , the results are often nonexistent and unsustainable , and if the air is good , it is best to suffer some losses and turn back at an early date .
3 ) stage 3 : after returning to baffarin , after several rounds of twists and turns , we can finally understand that we are an ordinary person and not a talented person .
their demands should be lower , and it is completely sufficient to be honest in learning from barney .
the most simple method is , on the contrary , the most effective , but the simple method often contains very profound principles , and it is necessary to understand these principles before it can be carried out in a better way .
the performance of this stage is that the short - term effects are not great , and there are many long - term effects and continuity .
4 ) the fourth stage : " stubborn " bafftt , after experiencing the sustainable effect , is basically stubborn in this stage of theory toward barney , and is totally indifferent to the non - barghuti company .
it is necessary to continuously study and deepen the understanding and use it in practice , and the performance of this stage is that the results are getting better and better , that it has continued , and that it has entered a benign cycle .
the time required by each person at each stage is not necessarily related to the personal situation and the air transport .
( 2365 3903 ) 14 : 18
he was an old friend of mine , who wrote such a story in the group .
i would rather write this story in this column .
it is hoped that everyone will see this article , and do not expect it to become the so - called cream , but some things , some principles , can often be learned from a short - lived story .
this is a very cold story after watching .
i really hope this is only a story . ... because my heart is really sad .
the three female drivers on the mountain road , who were armed with guns , went so far as to turn a blind eye to the beautiful driver , forced the chinese bus to stop and took the female driver out of the car to play games . the female driver was eager to rescue him , and the passengers of the car kept quiet out of fear .
only one middle - aged and weak man rose up , but was injured on the ground .
no one responded despite the fact that the woman driver was dragged into the forest .
after half a time , the three criminals and the female driver , who were not in good clothes , returned home .
the car will also go , and the female driver will get off the car .
the man was unwilling , but he was stubborn .
hello , please get off the car , my car will not bring you !
the middle - aged man was anxious and said , " why do n't you talk about reason , do i want to save you ? "
do you save me ?
what did you save me ?
the female driver flatly denied that he had attracted several passengers to laugh .
the middle - aged man has a strong sense of pride and hate himself .
however , he should not have been able to get the result of being expelled from the car .
moreover , i bought a ticket , i have the right to take a car !
the driver shamelessly said : if i do not get off the car , i will not be able to get off .
what we did not expect was that the passengers who had just turned a blind eye to the atrocities , but , as if they had just been awakened , made concerted efforts to persuade the man to get out of the car : if you go on , we still have something to do , we cannot afford to delay !
several powerful passengers even wanted to drag the middle - aged man out of the car , and this reminds people of the details of the case in the " yang zhiqiu " written by mo yu .
the three criminals laughed loudly and laughed with pride .
among them , a black - lipped rogue said with no sense of shame : the gospel has made her go too far !
the other two criminals also said nonsense : she is my target , and you have to close the door !
a dispute came to the point that the man 's baggage was thrown out of the window and he was pushed away .
the car was moving steadily along the mountain path , and the woman driver grabbed her hair and pressed the tape recorders .
when the car is approaching the peak , it is necessary to go down the hill by crossing the mountain , the road on the left side of the vehicle is a road opened by the mountain , and the right side is a steep cliff .
the car was quietly speeding up , the female driver 's face was very calm , her hands were tightly holding the steering wheel , and her eyes were flowing with tears .
a criminal gang seemed to have realized what , saying : " a slow start , a slow start , what do you want to do in the tmd ? "
the woman driver did not speak and the speed was getting faster and faster .
the ruffians attempted to jump onto the steering wheel , but the car was like an arrow that was on the brink of the precipice .
on the second day , local newspapers reported that a tragic disaster occurred in the fuhu mountain area yesterday , and a chinese and pakistani fell onto the mountain .
none of the drivers and 13 passengers aboard the car survived .
the middle - aged people who were driven out of the car saw the newspaper crying .
nobody knew what he cried and why he cried .
the darkness of the railway station
a few days ago , i went out to take a train and found that the railway stations in various places were black .
i want to know what the railway stations in various places should pay attention to .
i am changsha , first let 's talk about the situation in changsha , you have to pay attention to the situation at the changsha railway station !
1 . the train ticket that will always be difficult to buy : at the changsha railway station , every time it is a big holiday or a cold summer vacation , it is absolutely impossible to buy the tickets .
the most seamless answer i asked was that the travel agency had decided to leave the tickets .
however , there is a little bit of money in the yellow cow , how much is it ?
2 . be careful with fake tickets : the tickets in the hands of huang cattle are not necessarily true . hunan 's shuangfeng and xinhua are rich by means of a fake certificate , and a fake silver coin and a counterfeit coin are rich . therefore , the counterfeit money is really childish !
the digging is the lowest level , and some fake tickets are called a real , and they cannot be separated from the car crew !
3 . who has moved my money : buy things in the shop of the railway station , be careful !
if you want to give a zero note , ha ha , your money will always be short of a corner , so you have to replace it with a big one .
however , after you have replaced the big money , the shop owner will have to say that he can not find a way out , and then he will still have to pay you a small sum of money . at this time , you have to take back a large amount of counterfeit banknotes !
4 . the magician found zero : it is a crime , and there is a relatively great risk , that is , not all the shop owners have to exchange your big money .
therefore , some " bold " proprietors have no choice but to be a magician . it is clear that it is right for you to look at his number , but you have the chance to have a few , ha , a few .
5 . foreign wine everywhere : the railway station does not have too many teahouses , but you know when you get in .
a few low - quality red wine can be sold at davis prices . if you do n't come out , your mother may not be able to see you .
6 . roses and guns : many video halls in the vicinity of the railway station are still very attractive to these bad men . therefore , if you go in , you will be treated as an honored guest who wants to relax , then you will have a roses to accompany you . of course , you will be able to get the money that you spend in the five - star hotel .
7 . ice and fire : if you speak the voice of changsha or are very familiar with changsha , then you will never want to reach a taxi in front of the station , and the face of the taxi driver can make you know what the june flight cream is !
however , if you come to changsha for the first time , to congratulate you , even if you go to a five - minute walk , the driver will enthusiastically take you to enjoy the scenery of the state - level key tourist cities , and let you take a famous pak sha card , a second - hand smoke , and a taste of the local characteristics .
of course , you have to pay your own fare , not .
nanjing subway drivers should undergo psychological tests as soon as possible
key word : psychological adjustment
according to a xinhua news agency report , on the evening of 3 july , an incident of death in the nanjing subway occurred .
according to the reporter 's description , " zhu zhengting , 22 , is a young subway driver , who has experienced a nightmare . when this reporter saw him yesterday , he seemed to have not yet come back from the fear , sat straight on the chair , and the expression of his eyes also appeared to be in a trance . "
obviously , this young driver 's spirit has been greatly affected , and it is urgently necessary to carry out psychological adjustment , otherwise it will cause harm to life .
i do n't know if people remember that more than 10 years ago , the rescue worker who rescued a little girl from an abandoned oil well in the us state of deklott , finally chose to end the painful life after going through a long period of mental torture .
at that time , although he had carried out a simple psychological test , because people had paid more attention to the rescued little girl , they just ignored the people who needed to undergo psychological adjustment , and finally could not avoid the occurrence of the tragedy .
similarly , in the case of illegal immigration in the dover strait a few years ago , the first british policeman who opened a container was said to have been scared .
later , the british side carried out a psychological test for him for more than two months before he returned to normal .
after being stimulated by the nature of disasters , people 's mentality will be greatly harmed . at this time , it is very difficult to completely recover by relying on their personal strength and often leave a psychological wound .
since it is very difficult for outsiders to discover this kind of injury and there is no way to find it , many people involved will suffer a life of suffering .
however , it is not enough for the people of our country to show concern for the psychological wounds . in particular , the family members of the persons involved or the departments in charge of the matter often think about it after losing the best restoration period , and it was too late at that time .
at present , after the media are diversified , we often hear some hacker incidents , many female and young people have been harmed , and many young children have witnessed the cruel harm of their parents .
after these young people were rescued , they rarely heard that they had received psychological treatment , and most of them were comforted by family members .
although the victims can feel that they are safe , the harm they have done has become a wound that can never be cured , and they will be awakened at all times and affect the lives of the parties concerned .
fortunately , the driver 's leadership promptly advised him to comfort him , and also helped ease his mental pressure .
after all , the responsibility for the accident does not lie with the driver , and the driver has taken measures when he discovered the situation , and he has done what he should do , but has not stopped the occurrence of the tragedy .
it is believed that even if the driver concerned is not the driver , anyone at the scene will be scared by the accident that happened at the scene .
however , other people have no responsibility to be involved in suicide , and even though they have been scared , they will gradually be forgotten with the development of time .
the drivers concerned are not so lucky , he must remember , and it is very likely that he will remember his whole life .
if he can free himself from this incident , even if he is unable to free himself from it , he will often be subjected to this kind of intimidation .
modern health concepts are more comprehensive than in the past , and mental health has begun to attract people 's attention .
it is regrettable that the mental state of mankind is very disappointing , especially in cities , people 's mental health is very poor , and the majority of people have more or less hidden mental problems , and some people have failed to pay sufficient attention to problems .
thinking about the lessons of the " yang lijuan incident " in the previous stage , some irresponsible media have regarded a patient suffering from mental problems as a target of speculation , causing a very bad social impact .
in the future , it is necessary to avoid the occurrence of such incidents , otherwise our society will truly become a pathological society .
after the first phase of the new curriculum training for five secondary five teachers in tung tau , there are many feelings about it .
key word : after the first phase of the new curriculum for the five secondary five teachers , the first batch of teachers who took part in the new curriculum from the morning of 13 to 15 july , the first batch of teachers who took part in the new curriculum in the secondary five ( s5 ) have already felt the pressure and motivation of the new curriculum .
at the same time , they also considered that the new curriculum reform was a rare opportunity and challenge to the development of school education .
on the morning of the 13 th , as a result of the construction of the highway , a number of teachers and teachers from the no. 5 middle school in dongkou and suining , as well as other places , arrived at the city education bureau at more than 1 : 00 p.m . on the morning of the 13 th .
at 2:30 in the afternoon , the teachers , who had been on a long journey , went into the stock market to listen to the lectures of relevant experts in the multimedia classroom of the first middle school , the second middle school of the city , and the sixth middle school of the city .
in the following two days , teachers or teachers have listened to the lectures written by the teaching materials or listened to the experiences and lessons of teachers who have entered the new curriculum reform province , and some of them have also introduced their experiences .
on the morning of the 15 th , after hearing all the training courses , the five teachers of the no . 5 middle school , who had studied conscientiously and were not late for early retirement , had been successfully passed the examination and obtained the certificate of graduation .
during the training period , teachers of the secondary five school have exchanged views with each other , and at the beginning , they should feel that the new courses are relatively unfamiliar , the tasks are heavy , the pressure is great , and they are not sure about the new courses .
however , after the training , everyone feels that this is also an opportunity and a challenge .
all of them are determined to work hard to readjust the structure of knowledge and to successfully fulfill the task of curriculum reform as far as possible .
the second batch of teachers who took part in the new course had arrived at the relevant training places on the 16 th .
the no. 5 secondary school of dongkou city held a new course training meeting and made arrangements for the city education bureau to attend the course reform training .
key word : meeting on new curriculum training held at secondary 5 , tung hau
at noon on 5 july , the school held a meeting on the training of new courses at the no . 5 middle school , and arranged for the city education bureau to take part in the course reform training .
president xie conveyed the spirit of the new course training conference he attended in the county , expounded the significance of the reform of the new curriculum , and made specific arrangements for the personnel , time , expenses , and matters of concern .
it has been learned that the personnel attending the shaoyang city new curriculum reform and training conference are the principal , the instructor , and the teachers of the first grade of the next term .
the funds are allocated by the higher authorities , and it is said that they are funded by the xinhua bookstore .
first of all , the training of the principal and the teacher , and then the training of the teacher , are divided into three stages : the first stage ( language , chemical , historical , and biological ) is to report to the first floor hall of the city education bureau on the morning of 13 july , and it is necessary to bring along the identity card and collect the relevant fees .
after that , classes will be held at about 8 : 00 a.m . every day , and at 2 : 30 p.m .
by the morning of 15 july , the actual study time was two days .
among them , examinations should be conducted and certificates of graduation should be issued to those who have passed the examination .
the history division was in shaoyang city no. 1 middle school .
after returning , the school again reported 60 yuan in tuition and fare , and did not enjoy the subsidy on business trip .
le he is friends with stars and fans
key word : star fans
i have never seen a female friend .
i told her directly , i very much appreciate you !
because you have directly expressed your love .
she likes to be a male host of a red entertainment program in taiwan , and she has never covered up this feeling .
the man , who presided over the program in jinan , flew to jinan , the male host to changsha , and she flew to changsha .
the book , chaired by the man , said that a friend gave him a bullet without a bullet , and she told me with surprise , " the bullet was given by me . "
she also took part in an electronic magazine of this star , and she was excited to see me in every issue .
i have always liked to communicate with some people who are frank and sincere about themselves as a star fan .
these stars can be movie stars , soccer stars , and of course great men .
i have never felt that these friends are superficial , and i think they are very lovely .
these people are usually people who really love sex , like it , do n't like it , do n't like it .
it will be very relaxed to get in touch with such people .
although they do n't think about your feelings , at least you know their joy and sorrow , and you know that they are in contact with them , they will have a greater sense of security .
these people are also very frank .
it is necessary to know that they have the courage to express their likes .
it is precisely because of this that many people only quietly like one person for a whole life , or perhaps they will not be able to see who they are brazenly saying who is a fan .
frankly , i think that the greatest advantage of a person is to be frank and frank to my friends and to me .
however , it is in fact very difficult to achieve this .
being able to like a star also proves that he has selfless elements in his heart .
some of my friends are fans of some stars .
sometimes , in order to see this star on the one hand , he can endure hardships , make many sacrifices , save a lot of money , and hold a paper card with his left hand , and his right hand is still shouting in his mouth .
it can be said that they are very silly and infant , but it is necessary to be selfless to love a person who cannot afford to repay it .
this is because in reality , there are too many things to do with one 's own feelings , and there are too many things to do with others . therefore , this selfless devotion is quite precious .
therefore , when people talk about who is the star they like , if there is a saying , i will never worship others .
ha ha , you have to be careful .
zhang xiaohui 's person
key : zhang xiaohui
by chance , we can see that " kangxi has come , " which has not been seen for a long time , and the main character is zhang xiaohui .
i think it was the time when i publicized the peach .
it was the time when i looked at the " peach " that was a day when i was infatuated with the color of love .
at that time , i felt that it was very unusual , the color film was actually so beautiful , sometimes it was very interesting , it was called the color film .
as a matter of fact , there are not many scenes i see , but they also cover many countries .
the rok and japan were the first to come into contact .
later , i saw many third world countries and some latin american and european countries , but rather few hollywood and french films .
among them , two were on my computer that did not give up , one was " youth , " and the other was " peach . "
the first half of the " taoyuan " is still quite good . everyone is a new person , and the director has a very strong ability to play , and the director has a very high standard .
in the second half of the year , i changed my attitude and i could not accept it at all .
in fact , what i want to say is that zhang xiaohui said in the program that her boyfriend covers almost all countries in the world , except africa .
at present , she has four boyfriend .
in general , people are afraid that they cannot accept this issue , and they will say that this person is not in good order .
however , the crux of the problem lies in the fact that when she said these problems , she was very frank and did not have the slightest feeling of comfort .
she also talked about her own feelings of love .
for example , the economies of the two sides need independence .
i estimate that people must be independent and control their own destiny .
because i know that the people in love are all living and selfish , how can i allow those who love them to accept the love of others at the same time .
according to my experience and guess , the love of zhang xiaohui is no longer a simple tie , and she must be a typical sister .
in the love of the elder sister , the elder sister can accommodate everything , including a few younger brothers , and at the same time , the younger brother can have boundless love for his elder sister because of the charm and mother nature of the other side , but it may not be the only one .
however , from zhang xiaohui 's remarks , i found that she was actually a person who knew very well how to enjoy life .
for example , she is so fond of traveling to such a high - profile place .
so i have reason to believe that her life is also very brilliant .
before the change , i am afraid i will still be unable to accept this phenomenon .
for example , i have now accepted many people , but in fact , this has nothing to do with tolerance and tolerance , but because as long as i have a lot to do , there is no absolute love or no love .
these people , such as pedestrians a , friends b , zhang ziyi , good friends c , and sister fu yung .
looking at other people 's life , he is a guest , his own life , and for others , how can he not be a hero ?
this is like , although i am not in the political arena , my legend has always existed in the political arena .
people must have a bit of entertainment spirit
key word : entertainment spirit
living is a very tired thing , so we should still have a bit of entertainment spirit .
or mocking , or looking at the joke of others , talking about others ' gossip .
for example , the " entertainment " edition of the " eight - point program " that went to the earth was relaxed .
inside , everyone spoke his mind freely , but of course you should have a bit of ability to distinguish right from wrong , because all kinds of " black " activities are constantly going on .
" if you want to say that , " the result is that you do not know what you say , but you want to know what you are looking at .
the small project called cai kangyong a " bookmaker . "
if i also counted , then i would be in the category of reading a little books , but i did not have a thorough understanding of it .
okay , i will always have a clear idea of myself .
however , when i read this book , i got some things i wanted to get .
it is also a coincidence that i like to think blindly , so i think about it while reading it , but i also have a lot of principles , and many things are suddenly open .
therefore , they have gradually developed some habits , such as telling themselves , being a bit tougher toward themselves , and being better to others .
when we encounter problems , we should first find out the cause from ourselves ;
it is a bit more rational in dealing with matters and is a bit emotional in dealing with things .
we should keep a low profile and work in a low - key manner .
however , you know that people are not so good , they will always be selfish , they will always consider their own gains and losses , and they will always be confused when they should be rational , and at the time when they should be sensitive , they will also be the most important life of the md .
well , fortunately , we will not think of regret when dealing with the choice we made .
if you do it , you will do it , if you plant it , then you will recognize it .
people think so many useless things .
no matter whether it is , it is not that kind of person who likes to stand up on the board and raise the value of his own study , he is also a common person .
however , the difference between them and some people lies in the fact that there is no need to be angry with the spirit of the world and to be rational in everything .
or , for example , they have a strong sense of belief .
once i trust a person , i think everything about him is good .
even if there are deficiencies , they are willing to tolerate them .
even though it is not the kind of friend that calls for friends , it is a kind of thing that has been set up to think about for friends .
because of this , however , they have been quite strict with their friends .
i also do n't understand why there are so many people who trust what the newspaper says .
or , in their hearts , the current reports are as sacred as before .
but there are still many things that i do not understand in this world .
joke .
he made a deaf ear to him .
song dandan 's " in the depth of happiness " is warm and moving
key word : song dandan , deep in happiness
earlier , i read song dan 's new book in the newspaper , called " in the depth of happiness . "
i really wanted to read it .
because i think as a woman who has reached this age , has such a job , has experienced changes in family and business , how do she look at herself and life after that ?
as a matter of fact , i have not been disappointed , and after i read it , i have two feelings : first , i have been sent to see others ' life , and i can also see my own shadow , and second , i am still very moved .
why did you get the electricity ?
in the book , song dandan wrote : " i have ignored an important principle in my life : giving him greater happiness than accepting it .
i am always busy giving it and making myself happy .
i will not and do not know how to accept it . i have ignored the fact that others are given it , that is , i have ignored the right of others to enjoy happiness . "
i found that i have always enjoyed this happiness , and perhaps i should pay more attention to it in the future .
if a person can calmly face his own past and display all this in front of everyone , this will require considerable courage .
this includes her first love , her failure in marriage with the british da , and her in - depth dissecting of herself , and her family relationship with her son .
there is another point worth praise in this book , because as a publishing house , i think it is necessary to do her utmost to advocate her emphasis on " i love my home , " " ambush on the 10 sides , " and a series of small products with zhao benshan .
however , i think she would have insisted on it , and zhao benshan only mentioned it in the end , and there was almost no mention of " laying an ambush on the 10 sides " and " i love my home . "
the book is permeated with a 40 - year - old woman 's understanding of life , love , family , and love , and is moved with warmth and warmth .
busy holidays
key word : busy during holidays
it has been almost a week off , and i have never been idle .
it is necessary to hold a meeting at the college , and also prepare the materials and the draft speech at the meeting to be held next week .
this holiday will be very busy .
if there is no accident , according to the plan , three meetings will be held , and four or five cities will go .
all of a sudden , life is filled with many contents , the same type , and different types , and almost forget how the previous holidays were over .
it seems that in my memory , i have not been so idle .
it was only that it could have been controlled for a long time in the past , but this year it seems to have been reduced .
good things ? or bad things ?
if they are busy , they will enrich , but if they are busy , they will not yield any results , the meaning of being busy will be discounted .
at times , however , it seems that life cannot be completely calculated according to the results , and life is used to gradually feel , and stability and happiness are also a kind of harvest , although this kind of achievement is sometimes not measured by social evaluation standards .
everyone needs the recognition of social values and self - values , and what will we do if we cannot do so ?
marxism has taught us that we should focus on social values and advocate that individuals should make contributions to society , but in fact , a healthy and sound society should also fully respect the wishes and values of individuals and create conditions for the realization of personal values .
suddenly , i thought of these things , and more and more discovered that the marxist principles were really very effective .
the reason is indeed such a truth , but when it really comes to real life , it is inevitable that people will still be perplexed .
even if the realization of self - value does not obstruct social value , every individual in reality will be satisfied with the realization of real self - realization , and will the social evaluation be ignored ?
or , can our self - satisfaction of value be divorced from social evaluation ?
it seems very difficult .
therefore , while striving to be an ordinary person , every one of us can hardly avoid pursuing extraordinary and surpassing , and if we waste our lives , we will always be responsible .
this is probably one aspect of human society .
vacation , it was more or less relaxed .
at least , we can have some time to watch the vcd and relax our efforts for a while .
we still have to do our work in a casual manner , and we are still living a life .
next week , he will go to xi'an for a meeting .
although i have never been there , i do n't seem to be a city that i like .
i hope this trip will change my impression of this city and raise my voice .
" the right to live a very good woman "
key word : age of male and female rights
in the afternoon , yingchun called me , talked for a while , and talked to me about the " happy men 's voice . "
she said : " no , you are too lovely . after watching the superwoman , you are simply a loyal audience of hunan satellite tv . "
i said yes .
he said that he had seen some boys ' selection programs , and felt that they were all women and men , and i also shared the same feeling , but i said to her that the happy men 's voice had reached five to four , and next week they had four to three .
the study of mass culture and consumer culture is also very excited , saying that next week , we must also see that after all , we have reached the most crucial stage of the competition , and we must pay close attention to these , and we must pay attention to the accumulation of some cases resources for future research .
then we talked about this is a male age .
in the end , men have changed from " viewing people " to " viewing people , " and in the past , women , as visitors , have become the main body , and they can enjoy and face the various kinds of men 's performances in this male age from the angle of observers .
yingchun said that this is the liberation of women , a symbol of a kind of women 's power .
then she went on to say , " do n't you feel that you are now living a very good woman 's right ? "
when i heard it , i was very happy to laugh loudly .
this remark itself is full of the meaning of women 's rights , and it is only because i do not have such a good thinking and ability to explain these things more profoundly and clearly .
i like the song of chen chusheng , a happy man , with a very special sense of quality , a kind of force that directly points to the people 's hearts , and is very pure and very comfortable .
a variety of songs , rich in feelings , and rich in literary and artistic works , made people feel relaxed and lively .
zhang jie 's songs were very loud and powerful . in particular , the two songs he sang today , " your look " and " the wind of the past , " were both old songs i liked very much , and they were deeply impressed .
wei chen has a lovely and pure face like lu yi , and it is said that she likes girls , and of course her voice is good .
such a further competition among the four powers should be very good .
i look forward to seeing their brilliant performance next week !
6 - 29 june a mess of bubble vegetables
key word : bubble vegetables in seoul
the mess of june 29 has opened an international roaming , but when the plane is down , the mobile phone seems to have been cut off , and there is still no signal . perhaps , the sphere of influence of the global communications is the scope of the heart , and it will take effect from the next day .
in these few days , i will lose contact with everyone for a short time , ha ha , will some people worry about me because of this ?
when the secretary was opened , he only wanted to prove that he was thinking about me .
whether it is public or private .
however , the question is , who do i hope to miss ?
my heart , i did n't know when i started , and became blank again .
i do n't understand why there are always some people who want to stay , and some people do not want to stay , but always think they can get in , like talking about the shopping malls ?
however , can the " white gloves " be blocked no matter whether you are in your position or not ?
after all , material and heart cannot be discussed on the same day !
our car is travelling on the high speed of going to busan .
the minister did not say anything about driving the car , and i did not have anything to use .
after all , he did not understand chinese , nor did he understand english , and i would only say a few clumsy english .
there are quite a few sentries to look at the computer , beating the keyboard , and in addition to the keyboard sound , that is , the happy ghazia navigation sound of the south korean miss , everything is too quiet .
outside the window , we can see only a continuous green and grey sky .
silence is not like my personality .
what was unexpected was that the only country that gave me a sense of affinity was english .
in the circle full of the eyes , there is no other function in the circle , except for the effects of radiation on me .
i think south korea will certainly not go to production rules .
this is because there is no need for the market .
seoul is very clean , thorough , and meticulous .
unfortunately , during the few days of stay in seoul , apart from working places and department stores , there was no time to go , and all the impression was limited to the wait - and - see along the road .
fortunately , everything is still beautiful !
the korean people have a very traditional courtesy , a smiling face , a serious listening , elegant , and calm .
what we can pay attention to is a beautiful surface , a traditional customs , an ancient building , and a high degree of civilization in the face of war .
is this hypocritical ?
it was a bit hypocritical , at least everyone was honored !
if you can't see the ugly things , you may think they do n't exist .
south korea 's catering industry is very good !
however , i do not like , do not understand , why are i going to come and go , but it is only a combination of different forms of bubble vegetables , of course , it is impossible for me to get along with the sea .
in the course of thinking , the south korean people are still studying the food and beverage , and can distinguish the difference in the length of the preserved vegetables on the ground or on the ground , and the accuracy can be determined .
from the angle of this , the seriousness of the korean people may have something to do with the bubble vegetables from early to late .
it is only a headache that the minister is going to take us to the japanese bean curd hall , which is not sure how to integrate with the bubble vegetables ?
thinking of the chinese restaurant last night , i felt that i wanted to cry , and the only thing that i could import was bubble vegetables .
ah , thank you , china southern airlines , for making contributions to the cooking of the aircraft together .
airlines must think that i would start to be used to it at that moment when i got on the plane .
i will return home in another two days , if no one can miss it , then i still miss my aunt making a red burning meat !
after all , the stomach 's satisfaction is more direct than the heart .
of course , this has nothing to do with bubble vegetables .
two trees
two trees , one was me , and the other was my sister .
we are treating each other as cool and caring for each other .
i have many children of this generation , but i have only my elder sister , and i have no older brother and younger brother , so it is very important for my older sister to come here .
we are all children , and we have to take part in a great variety of domestic work , even though i have always been working hard to become a big man , and i want to do a good job like an expert , but i have never received the approval of my father .
when i was young , i had a nightmare , but it was not too serious , but it was hard to avoid being able to get out of the family .
for example , my father asked me to remove a bit of mud from the chimney of the old house , and i climbed up the roof .
the chimney was eliminated , but when it was raining , the room showed water , and the reason was that i smashed the room .
another example is that my father asked me to replace the light bulbs , the old - style white light .
when i climbed up to the stools , the light bulbs in my hand fell to the cement floor and fell into pieces .
these examples are not as good as those mentioned above . therefore , after the sisters went to the court , they were naturally contracted out by him , and they were very beautiful , and they did not need to pay any labor costs .
i 'm not happy to hide in one corner to read those books that look like bricks .
later , we have grown into two trees and two big trees that are sufficient to support a family building .
however , his father could not avoid being downgraded , and he was sitting on a wheelchair and became a silent shrubs under a thick fog .
as a result , the 50 - year - old sister was suddenly infected with serious illness , and on the surface , the big tree , which appears to be full of vigor and vitality , is actually hard to believe in the death of fear .
in the summer of dizziness , outside the operation room of the beijing cooperative hospital , the doctor said casually : " there is no value of the operation . "
he can live for up to two months .
at that moment , i was suddenly hit by a bullet , the soul suddenly burst out , and the foolish man panicked there .
i started to dream and saw the old courtyard at home , and the young sisters were busy in the courtyard .
my sister 's sharp cry awakened me , and i rushed to hold my sister who was sitting on the hospital corridor , and we were full of tears .
the bright sun suddenly disappeared , and my eyes turned black again and again .
after he returned to our city from beijing , his sister quickly learned about his condition , and he and his sister cried with each other and felt relieved .
the brother - in - law began to make an orderly arrangement for the death of the deceased . for example , he told his son : on behalf of me , i will take care of your grandmother , and after the death of the elderly , she will have to work with your grandpa , and how should the grave be opened .
i often visit your basking and catch up with the new year to buy some practical things for him .
for example , he told my younger sister : after i leave , you should often see your elder sister , and she must be very lonely .
i tried my best to find time to visit him , but in the face of me , he felt ashamed .
we often do not say anything right , just like two plants that can not hold dialogue even though they have life .
this is the two adult trees , and the experience of storms has enabled us to calmly face the hardships and hardships , and what do we need to explain to me ?
it seems that there is no need .
because you know , after you leave , your elder sister , your elder sister , and your children , and this person , you can only rely on me to support it alone .
who called me a man ?
it 's a man , no matter whether you are willing or not , you have to hold up the backbone without hesitation , and take responsibility .
the only pity is : why did your wukesong tree wither wither wither , you should have a rich and colorful life ?
the day you left was the first day of the chinese new year .
that is , when the chinese people all over the world are happily greeting the spring festival , you have left alone .
perhaps , in another time and space , another child of life , a new child ?
n - minute in life
the reason why there is such a seemingly fashion headline is that at a time of extreme disappointment , the confused brain is basically unable to take care of time .
if an innocent person received a death sentence in the air , would he still pick up the wrong language in the " judgment ? "
it was a winter day , and the young people were very cold .
i do n't know who is worth the day , and there is no fire in the stove .
because there is a strong earthquake , we are also lazy when we come back to work in the evening .
on the long stretch of the 12 individuals who could sleep , four of us were wrapped in cotton , and they were playing " three - three - one " and winning a meal .
all of a sudden , a long and close voice came , and several of us just looked at it in a moment and immediately realized the arrival of the disaster .
as a result , they got rid of the paper plate in their hands , flew down to the ground , and passed through the narrow door of the house .
at the moment when we ran out of the dormitory , the pitiful mao house , which was built with stones , was crushed into pieces in a moment .
in the courtyard , we were standing on a rock - shaking ship , and we could not set ourselves on the ground as if we were not on the ground .
in these few seconds , all the buildings on our side should have a stable image of the past , and they have successively issued the strange call of the " pit - mute , " and jumped to the brink of a crazy dance , and then turned it into a smoke dust that ended up .
naturally , the electric wires on the head are not willing to be left out of the limelight , and the " sharp sword " jumped out , and the firecrackers were all scattered and fled .
behind us , the earthquake demons who have been rampant are releasing the celebration flowers for their own creativity , and the light of the earth can be compared with any war , and the rumbling of the sound of the sound is like a war , and they are torture every weak nerve .
at that time , there was only one idea : the end of mankind has arrived !
i can imagine that the vast land on the foot of the ground has been cut off , and the noisy invitation of rock plasma , like steel water , has been made in the form of a free drop - off , and it is too stingy , and it has disappeared in a short time .
my backbone is filled with an ice - breaking and fast wood , and the face of several of my colleagues in the dark is like paper - making masks .
i think that mankind is bidding farewell to this colorful world , will the civilization of tens of thousands of years have disappeared from now on ?
however , i am still less than 20 years old , the flowers of youth have just begun to shine , and i have just come to know how much love i have for a beautiful life !
my parents , my relatives , where are you , what are you doing now , are you still alive in the world ?
in the face of the moment when the dead god is on a smiling face , how much do i think of you !
reporter : we do not know how long it has been , and i have finally found that the sound of the earth is slowing down , and the fireworks on the head are not glittering .
a huge ship that had rough seas finally slowly entered a peaceful harbor .
a young and easy - to - break heart was finally put back to its original position with care after nearly crazy trampling .
the earth , my home , you finally let us feel the warmth and warmth of our home again !
a sense of happiness , like a warm current , is gradually spreading from the feet to the whole body .
after the 17 - year - old yu beans stood firm and faced with a harmonious and warm youth complex , the ruins of the ruins of the ruins is suddenly crying out .
all of them have been infected and tears are flowing down .
is it the condolences of falling snow in the sky for the misfortune of mankind ?
that year , the haicheng earthquake killed more than 1,000 people .
some experts said : fortunately , it is timely , and at a time when people are not sleeping , otherwise , the strong earthquake of the " 7 : 3 " level will take at least 100,000 people 's lives !
only one year later , the tangshan earthquake broke out and more than 200,000 people died .
those things in the village
there are many families in the village , and one of them is called the southern family . there is a well - known saying in the village : fire prevention , anti - theft , and anti - south .
as a matter of fact , the family of south africa is quite honest .
some people usually steal melons and other things in other people 's land , the family of south china is nothing but stealing a chicken and touching a dog , and they do not want the entire village to isolate the family of the south .
everyone was not clean , who was the cause of my family in south africa ?
the fact that the family of yugoslavia started to hold some very respectable activities shows that the village was first built by the ancestors of the south family , and the family of the south has always been a major producer of grain , and there have been quite a few well - known people in history , and has made great contributions to the construction of the village .
at the same time , the people of the south family closely asked village cadres to take a look and sit down at home .
in short , the people of the south are very excited , and they want to fight a pro - active war and seek strength .
not long ago , the western family did a very shameful thing and persecuted the young seedlings of the southern family .
the family named xi was well - known in the village as a vector , and the young people in the village all benefited from the family of the west .
if it was not for the good media made by the western family , how could each family be able to do a good job in production ?
however , at this time , the family members of the west went so far as to use black bricks to smash the young seedlings of the south family in a place called hongdong . it was really extremely evil . the whole village was filled with indignation , and one after another they claimed that the western family was not good at all .
the fact that the family members of the south african family have asked for advice from the western family has aroused the sympathy of the entire village .
all the village residents turned their mouths to their families .
as a result , the battlefield was moved to the west .
the family of south africa is determined to create a good image before the 17 th meeting of the village , so as to develop the most prosperous southern family .
although cadres in the village have advised everyone to live in harmony every day , this village called " middle - of - the - road " is always not peaceful .
what is most disgusting is that in a short period of two to three months , even pigs have begun to stir up trouble to raise their value !
as early as two years ago , the chickens in various villages had a cold , did n't they kill them ?
why do n't you have a long brain ?
you have to be killed when you quarrel again with the revolution !
although the beautiful and british village days , which are used to bullying and humiliated people , are rich , it is not necessarily peaceful .
today , some homeless people have smashed the high - rise buildings of the mei village , and tomorrow they will throw some small cans into the subway in the british village , and this is also enough to scare people .
therefore , people in the middle - of - the - road village generally felt that they could not live in a room , could not see any illness , and could not read books . however , they were able to grow some fields , work in a safe manner , and engage in relations , and they could also be regarded as entering a new era .
the south family , the west family , ah , who has no hard - to - read scriptures ?
let 's take the family of the wan family who lived in a small curtains in the southeast of the village to say , although the parents of the family were a little ashamed , would our great middle village still cover this family ?
seeing that the 2008 village games are to be held in our zhong village , those in the village will be destroyed , and those bad children in the village will be all the same .
each family has its own family , has its own life lamps lit , has the money , ah , and has made effective efforts .
when the time comes , everyone will go to the village public place to see the bird 's nest coming down with gold eggs !
( voice from the outside is gradually weak : gold eggs or silver eggs , dear viewers , i am a village tv host . )
evic looks at guri china
key word : richard google , chinese writer : gld general staff
i am a relatively early employee who joined gu song in china . in the past two years , we have gone through a lot of tests , and some of them are expected to come , and some of them have indeed exceeded the imagination at that time .
yesterday , because it was learned that the company had a special chapter on china 's development in this quarter , and it was a coincidence that the company had a lot of feelings in answering a question on china , so it turned to work together with everyone .
the remark was made at a meeting held last week by guri , guri , in which he said that he was very satisfied with the development of the chinese market , and expressed his confidence in the prospects of the chinese market .
evic said that we have outstanding talent in china , increasingly perfect facilities , and constantly enriched the local production lines .
he believes that although the success of gu song may not be right before his eyes , this is a very good beginning for gu song , and with the efforts of the chinese team , the support of the general headquarters , and the spirit of being indomitable , he firmly believes that in the future , gu song will score amazing achievements in china .
yes , what is important is that we are firmly forging ahead , because we are growing here , we have deep feelings for this , and we deeply believe that gu song should give china more and more , and should give more users .
fixed link
no slippers
now , everything is popular , especially in summer , everyone can not directly get naked because any clothing will make people feel even more hot .
before that , you might have known that the ts - back , which has been popular for many years , has been defeated by ghazel , because the latter is completely untied .
therefore , in this era , the slippers that you wear under your shoes are very likely to have fallen behind , because there is now a brand - new type of unmanned slippers , and there is only one shoe bottom .
how to wear it without belt ?
we are not immortal , and manufacturers do not have magic .
this type of slippers is direct . ... [ ellipses as published ] this is not an evil work , but a real product with a price of about us $ 13.5 per copy .
this is another kind of " i have imagined that it exists , but i have never imagined that it really exists . "
the manufacturers think that this type of slippers is very cool , do n't they believe it ?
please see : looking at it alone , i feel that my feet are extremely uncomfortable .
beautiful women like clouds , a - hundred - thousand - strong posture , e - mail
key word : beautiful women
the china international digital interactive entertainment products and technology application exhibition ( cciq ) opened on july 12 , with a daily visit of about 40,000 people .
there are many domestic enterprises participating in this exhibition , and most of them are internet tours .
it is believed that people are more interested in the show in the technology that is oriented to the group of mature readers than on the internet .
do n't be impatient , and the main vegetables will be taken up immediately .
[ article : wan chai ( via )
nanno to launch high - end ttp61 p
key word : nvojisupstart
the ttp61 p to be launched on july 17 ( us time ) , which is also the highest - level notebook computer of the internet series , has given us a very good surprise : it is a very good surprise : it is in the hands of the world trade organization ( wto ) .
that 's right , just like the arm 400 notebook computer , a wireless extension that can be transmitted at a high speed .
( via ) this 15.4 - inch notebook computer is used by the salem microprocessors and the nik 570m graphics group . of course , the reinforced metal cage protection measures are bound to be implemented , and the price is an unexpected price , which is only about 15,000 yuan .
without screen , a large number of mobile phone projectors have been exposed
key word : cell phone
the south korean company , the company , doj , has introduced a small and medium - sized laser projector module .
since the modular piece is very small , or even can be embedded in the projection module in the cell phone , we can see a seven - inch - long projection area on the wall .
( via ) the traditional projection device contains three different cd boards , which are responsible for the export of the red , green , and blue three different video signals , and this small - scale projection device can only use the one - sideboard to carry out the conversion of three color , thus reducing the size and production costs of the projection device .
according to an official statement , the ncct board is only 0.24 inch , which can easily be integrated into a cell phone .
at present , more than half of the mobile phones in the market are embedded with video cameras , and it is estimated that there will be a cell phone with in - built camera in the market in the near future , but it is really difficult to say whether the market will be optimistic .
