scientists complete the sequence of chromosaic chromosome , which has a bearing on the initial loss of intellectual disease .
( agence france - presse , paris , 2 nd ) - a group of international scientists said that they have completed the sequence of the 14 th pair of human chromosaic chromosaic , which is related to many diseases , including the initial stage of alzheimer 's disease that is likely to be suffering from over 30 years of age .
this is the fourth pair of chromosaic chromosaic , which is composed of more than 87 million pairs of non - oxygen dna ( dol ) .
the study published by the british natural science weekly showed that the 14 th pair of chromosome were made up of 1,050 genetic and genetic segments .
the goal of genetic scientists is to provide diagnosis tools to discover defects and eventually provide treatment that can prevent these genes from creating obstacles .
the international scientists , led by the french gene research center , gomez , said that the 14 th pairs of chromosaic genes and more than 60 diseases genes that have a bearing on the immunity system .
in previous studies on many diseases , 14 pairs of chromosome have been identified , including a type of cryptosis , perforation , certain types of vision and hearing damage , and initial alzheimer 's disease .
about 200,000 people in the united states are suffering from initial alzheimer 's disease , accounting for five percent of the total number of people suffering from the disease .
mankind has 23 pairs of chromosome .
in the past three years , three pairs of chromosome have been completed , including 20 pairs , 21 pairs and 22 pairs .
australia reopens embassy in manila
( agence france - presse , manila , 2 nd ) - australia reopened its embassy in the philippines today . seven weeks ago , the embassy was closed due to the so - called clear threat of terrorist attacks .
the philippine ministry of foreign affairs said in a statement that australian ambassador to manila peter pires made a phone call to philippine foreign minister o ' neill , announcing the resumption of all the work of the embassy .
canada , like the european union and australia , closed their embassies on november 28 and reopened earlier this week .
hubble said that all the three ambassadors were satisfied with the security measures taken by the philippine government .
the closure of the embassy has irritated the philippine government , saying that the so - called threat is too exaggerated and the closure of the embassy has hurt the image of the philippines .
manila has dismissed police intelligence officials as he disclosed unconfirmed intelligence about the terrorist threats to the australian and canadian embassies .
the eu office and the australian embassy were in the same building .
around the anniversary of the september 11 terrorist attacks in the united states , western diplomatic envoys in southeast asia closed down one after another because they were threatened by the al - qaeda group and its local alliance .
australian fm says north korea 's bad behavior will not be able to get more aid
( agence france - presse , sydney , 2 nd ) - australia has called on the international community to work together to make north korea believe that contempt for the nuclear nonproliferation agreement or other " bad behavior " will not be able to obtain more aid or other concessions .
australian foreign minister downer said today that pyongyang 's decision to reactivate a controversial nuclear facility and expel un monitoring personnel is obviously aimed at forcing the international community to make concessions in aid and trade .
australia is one of the few countries with diplomatic relations with north korea .
downer said : " we think what north korea wants to do is to go against the framework of the 1994 agreement and to obtain concessions , aid , and trade from other countries in the world , including the united states . "
downer said in an interview with the australian broadcasting corporation , " one of the important points we have put forward to north korea is that bad behavior will not be rewarded . "
downer pointed out , " the expulsion of un monitoring personnel and the reactivate of the yongbyon nuclear facilities will stop the international community from providing support . "
" this will produce an adverse effect , and we hope these diplomatic measures will be effective . "
" on the other hand , if we react too much , it will be the case of north korea .
we do n't want to do that . "
downer said australia is working closely with the united states and other major allies to force north korea to withdraw its recent steps to resume a frozen nuclear program .
downer said : " what we want to do is to ensure that the international community will jointly adopt countermeasures , and we do not want to adopt uncoordinated special countermeasures . "
bush defended his economic rejuvenation plan
( agence france - presse , washington , 6 th ) - u . s . president bush vowed that his upcoming economic rejuvenation plan would be the " labor community " , not only the rich , but also the rich . it is generally believed that the rich people will be able to gain the greatest benefits from the plan to urge a big tax cut .
" tomorrow , you will hear me that the us economy is one of the strongest economies in the world , " bush told reporters who are looking forward to his formal release of the plan in chicago .
however , we believe that the us economy can be stronger than it is now . "
it is expected that president bush will publish a 10 - year economic revitalization plan with a total investment of 600 billion us dollars , half of which will be used to absorb shareholders ' profits and taxes and to urge the us congress to speed up the tax reduction plan passed by us congressmen in 2001 .
whether the plan can be carried out smoothly is regarded as a front - line battle in the us presidential election in 2004 , and the democratic party criticized bush 's blueprint for adding flowers to it , not as the democratic party 's plan to send charcoal in the snow .
the democratic party 's eight - point proposal is mainly centered on a us $ 136 billion reward measure to boost consumption , which will cost a total of us $ 100 billion in 10 years .
at a joint press conference with other opposition congressmen , house democratic leader pelosi said : " this is a fair , efficient , and sound accounting plan . "
bush led the white house to refute the outside accusation that his plan was only for the rich . bush said that his upcoming economic rejuvenation plan was mainly aimed at " boosting economic vitality and growth . "
bush said : " this plan will provide tax relief to the working masses .
this plan recognizes that only when people have more money can they spend more money , and only in this way can they create more job opportunities . "
us willing to negotiate with north korea but refuses to pay more
( agence france - presse , washington , 7 th ) - u . s . said today that it is willing to hold talks with north korea , which is listed as an " axis of evil , " but it will not provide a new reward to the communist country , which is in financial difficulty , in order to urge it to cancel its nuclear program .
us president bush 's administration is currently facing a double crisis in iraq and north korea . after meeting with senior japanese and south korean diplomats , the bush administration issued a statement saying that this means that the us policy toward pyongyang " has taken a step forward . "
" the us delegation has made it clear that it is willing to talk with north korea about how it will perform its obligations to the international community , " the statement said .
however , the us delegation stressed that the united states would not provide any reward for north korea to fulfill its current obligations . "
us officials have insisted that although they are willing to hold talks with north korea , they will not consider starting negotiations before north korea abides by the various agreements on the prohibition of nuclear weapons .
state department spokesman bao runshi said , " we are unwilling to pay another price for the previous agreement . "
prior to this , the bush administration said that the united states refused to hold talks with the stalinist state before north korea gave up its nuclear program based on uranium enrichment and plutonium .
former us real estate chief to plead guilty for fraud charges
( agence france - presse , los angeles ) - prosecutors said that a former head of the us online real estate company , " housing shop " , had agreed to settle the charges of fraud and the lawsuit against the insider dealing scandal .
the former senior manager of the housing shop , kariana , has agreed to plead guilty to one count of securities fraud involving inside transactions , a special assistant to the us investigation officer said .
another prosecutor , fox , said that kariana also agreed to pay 70,000 us dollars to settle a civil lawsuit with the us stock exchange against him .
winnie said that the maximum penalty for securities fraud is 10 years ' imprisonment , but it is expected that the above sentence will be " significantly shortened " according to the agreement of admitting the crime .
prosecutors and investigators pointed out that in the financial fraud plot involving qana , the chief executive of the housing shops used the report on revenue in 2001 to mislead investors .
fox said that karana knew that after the stock market was filled with water , he had taken off the shares of his own housing shop , and " wall street did not notice that the key revenue of the housing shop was false . "
the former vice - president of the housing shop , tai simo , who was charged with a similar offence of insider dealing , has pleaded guilty and the court is scheduled to announce the verdict on april 21 .
the chief operating officer of the housing shop , mr jizzek and the former financial secretary , mr joseph prueher , pleaded guilty to charges of securities fraud .
the prosecutor said that the company 's chief executives , jizzek and joseph prueher , were suspected to have been involved in the accounting of housing shops , and the amount of revenue had been filled up .
heavy snow in europe causes heavy traffic
( agence france - presse , vienna , 8 th ) - heavy snow in the past few days , low temperatures in siberia , and strong winds in various parts of europe have caused many deaths . at the same time , highway , railway , air , and sea traffic have been suspended .
last night , the temperature in the russian capital of moscow dropped to a level that even local people felt cold , killing six people , bringing the number of people who died from the cold to 239 this year , most of whom were homeless and elderly people , including many of them .
three people died in lithuania last night , and many people had to cut their legs and fingers due to frozen injuries .
in the southern part of the country , the temperature dropped to a new low of minus 32.6 degrees celsius in 16 years .
on monday , three indian illegal immigrants died of cold and fatigue in slovakia , with local temperatures falling to minus 20 degrees celsius .
at the same time , the civil defense units in various parts of europe and other regions have indicated that the snowfall has caused road closure , train delays , and airport paralysis .
traffic in some areas has been paralyzed by ice and road accidents along the british railway , with heavy snow falling in the eastern part of the country .
in the czech republic , which was hit by serious flooding last summer , the temperature in the border areas near slovakia was low to minus 18 degrees celsius .
world research center lauds environmental revolution
( agence france - presse , washington , 9 th ) - in its annual report on the " current world situation " , the world 's environmental research center , the environmental research organization , praised the arrival of the " environmental revolution " with an unusual optimistic attitude , pointing out that many countries are successfully curbing and resolving environmental , health , and social problems .
" the person in charge of the world research center , fleischer , said on the 9 th : " establishing a world that meets our needs , and at the same time allowing the next generation to enjoy a healthy society , is no longer a dream of the white day . "
the current world situation report points out that one of the encouraging achievements is the use of renewable energy sources in germany , japan and spain , such as solar energy and wind vehicles , which are becoming more and more common .
" we are entering a new era , " fleischer said when talking about the success of the strategy of rebirth energy .
the report said that in the 1990 s , the global production of fluorine - free hydrocarbon -- the destruction of the ozone layer -- decreased by 81 percent .
in addition , the world health organization 's campaign against polio has reduced the number of cases of polio from 350,000 in 1988 to 480 in 2001 .
the washington - based environmental research organization also praised the local environmental achievements , for example , the netherlands has created 86 percent of the car recovery rate , denmark has completely banned the use of aluminum cans to convert the recovered glass bottles , and brazil started to use renewable energy in 2001 .
the organization 's report said that past achievements have brought hope to lift the serious global threat , including malaria , which has claimed 7,000 lives per day , and air , food and water pollution that has caused the unfortunate death of 5,500 children every day .
aol time warner chairman to resign in may
( agence france - presse , washington , 12th ) - aol time warner chairman kerry announced tonight that he will resign in may . he said , " this is the best for the company . "
explaining his decision , kiss said that he had decided to take steps to avoid shareholders ' criticism of him , which " has hindered our ability to cooperate like a team , and has placed the focus on our business . "
kerry , who monitors the merger between aol and time warner , which was agreed by the us federal council in january 2001 , will still be the director of aol and aol time warner board .
the merger , which was announced in january 2000 , valued at $ 155 billion , was approved by european policymakers later that year .
" as you have expected , this decision is very difficult for me personally . as i hope to be the chairman of this big company in the next few years , and as a co - author of the case , i have always believed that it is very important for me to leave the board of directors and help the matter on the track , " he said in a statement .
he stressed : " first of all , there is no need for the company to be uneasy at this critical moment , and because some shareholders are still gathering their disappointment at the operation after the merger of the company on me , i have decided that we should take action now to prevent our cooperation like a team from being hindered and put the focus on our business . "
aol time warner said that it expects its advertising and business sales in 2002 to drop from 2.7 billion us dollars in 2001 to 1.5 billion to 1.6 billion us dollars .
the total sales volume will be $ 8.8 billion to $ 9 billion , compared with $ 8.718 billion in the previous year .
the company estimated that the total sales volume of us online in 2003 was almost the same as that of 2002 , and that advertising and business sales would be reduced by 40 to 50 percent .
north korea to withdraw from nuclear non - proliferation treaty
( agence france - presse , washington , 15 th ) - u . s . and north korea have upgraded their stalls from the " axis of evil " to an international crisis , and the efforts of global nuclear non - proliferation over the past decades may be just one step short of success .
pyongyang announced its withdrawal from the nuclear non - proliferation treaty ( npt ) on the 10 th of this month , dropping a confrontation with washington .
analysts said that the world 's efforts to curb the proliferation of nuclear weapons are likely to fail , and the treaty has been seriously damaged when the non - signatory states india and pakistan entered the nuclear club in 1998 .
four days after pyongyang took the above action , the five permanent members of the un security council took preventive diplomatic action against the crisis .
russia said it would send a special envoy to pyongyang to propose an end to the deadlock , while china suggested a compromise dialogue between the united states and north korea .
britain and france discussed the crisis in london .
the international atomic energy agency has warned that if pyongyang refuses to give up its nuclear program , it may ask the security council to take action .
with regard to the actions of russia and china , many us observers believe that such talks may force moscow and beijing to decide whether to vote against north korea .
other countries with nuclear capabilities , such as iran and libya , will certainly keep a close watch on the development of the north korean crisis .
they will pay attention to north korea 's withdrawal from the nuclear non - proliferation treaty and will not be punished , or will obtain huge us funds in exchange for stopping the development of nuclear weapons .
" if north korea is considered to have the ability to withdraw from the nuclear non - proliferation treaty , they may be calculated , and they can take the same action without paying the price , " said the former state department arms control official ai enhong .
the international economic research institute believes that north korea may have made a tactical mistake because the decision to withdraw from the nuclear non - proliferation treaty will make the international community more determined to resolve this issue .
japanese court rejects huge compensation for former chinese slaves
( agence france - presse , tokyo , 15 th ) - a japanese court today rejected a compensation lawsuit of 132 - million yen ( 1.1 - million us dollars ) , which was initiated by six chinese people who were forced to work as slaves at a nickel mine in japan during world war ii .
a judge of the kyoto district court said that although the government and the japanese metallurgical industry company had committed a common illegal act in 1944 , he rejected the lawsuit on the basis of the civil law for 20 years .
nannan said : " the defendant 's responsibility has been terminated . "
the five former chinese slaves , including the 72 - year - old liu zonggen and a lackey , sought unpaid wages , compensation , and apology from the japanese government and the japanese metallurgical industry company .
these six had worked as slaves for one year in japan 's metallurgical industry . during this period , they were often beaten , and they were unable to eat and wear enough .
the japanese metallurgical industry argued that the company was unable to confront the state 's policy , while the japanese government said that according to the constitution at that time , it did not need to pay compensation to the plaintiff .
jiji news agency reported that after the court announced the verdict , liu zonggen said at a press conference : " this is a humanitarian judgment . "
he said they would appeal .
liu zonggen said , " i have won the support of many japanese friends , and i will fight to the end . "
the plaintiff 's lawyer pointed out that the ruling " violated the historical record " and demanded that the japanese government and the japanese metallurgical industry pay compensation and apologize to resolve this problem .
the defence was rejected for the first time in the war compensation litigation , kyodo news reported .
in 1944 , the japanese army arrested about 200 chinese , and then sent them to the dayton nickel mine in the city of calgary as slaves .
sales grew by nearly 30 percent in fourth quarter of last year
( agence france - presse , paris ) - the french telecom equipment manufacturing plant , which has been hit by the slump in the telecommunications industry , alatel , said that the sales figures for the fourth quarter of 2002 should show a growth of nearly 30 percent over the previous quarter .
this sales growth reflected the strong seasonal factors and the endless sales of broadband and operational infrastructure facilities .
after the calculation of 150 million euros ( 158.4 million us dollars ) in reserve reserves , the revenue in the fourth quarter will reach nearly two - thirds of the profit and loss .
the cost - cutting measures are being carried out in accordance with the plan , arcael said in a statement .
paris 's stock market welcomed the announcement by atar , which saw a 16.91 percent rise in the early afternoon trading and 6.5 euros per share .
" this move to repair the sales figures for the fourth quarter is particularly unexpected , " said bashi , analyst of global securities ( gloess ) .
the chairman of the board of directors of arqel , qu ruk , said that he still expected the company to reduce its profit and loss to 3 billion euros by the end of 2003 , which means that the smaller sales would benefit .
the company 's annual income figures will be released on february 4 , the company said .
japan is expected to reach 1.5 percent growth in real terms in 2006
( agence france - presse , tokyo ) - japan 's economic and financial news reported today that the japanese government 's economic and financial advisory conference has extended the forecast for japan 's economy to grow by more than 1.5 percent in real terms for two years to 2006 .
the economic and financial advisory conference also expected that the total annual issuance of treasury bonds in the next five years would be as high as 40 trillion yen , as the reduction of the budget deficit would be longer than expected .
the report said that the mid - term economic outlook report , which aims to stimulate the economic and financial operation guidelines for the next five years , is scheduled to be finalized on the 20 th of this month .
the mid - term economic outlook report was originally planned in early january last year , and the economic and financial advisory conference is now being revised and is expected to be approved by the cabinet by the end of this month .
the report said that the current edition of the medium - term economic outlook report and a trial of the cabinet government are expected to reach 1.5 percent in real terms in 2004 and 2.7 percent in 2005 .
however , the revised version is expected to grow by only 0.9 percent in real terms in 2004 and 0.8 percentage points in nominal terms .
the revised version is expected to reach 1.5 percent or more in real terms in the 2006 fiscal year , the report said .
it is necessary to see a growth rate of 2.5 percent or more in the fiscal year 2007 , which is two years later than the original estimate .
the report pointed out that the revised outlook report will also extend the timetable for extricating the country from deflation for two years .
australia faces the worst in 50 years : one feared dead in fire
( agence france - presse , sydney , 18 th ) - the fire in australia has destroyed nearly 40 houses today and threatened residents in the suburbs of the capital of canberra . with strong winds and rising temperatures , the fire is expected to further expand .
australian officials said that unconfirmed reports pointed out that the fire in dozens of villages and towns around canberra and other areas of the australian capital city 's direct jurisdiction , which had caused one death and several missing .
federal police officer brown said police were trying to confirm that at least one person was killed in the fire , but it was true that some people were missing .
because of strong winds , the forest fire in the northern , southern , and western mountainous areas of canberra was out of control , the authorities of the capital 's direct jurisdiction announced today that the whole region was in an emergency state .
on the other hand , the fire authorities said that since the fire was approaching the densely populated area , the military had been called in to join the several thousand firefighters who put out the fire .
under the threat of the most serious forest fire in the past 50 years , people in the mountainous areas of the national park of new south wales , the snow - capped mountains in the province of new south wales and the kayzko , have been urgently evacuated .
" the situation is very grim , and the snow - capped mountains may be facing the most serious threat in 50 years , " said the director of the village fire services department , kepeiberg , who said , adding that more than 1,000 firefighters are fighting a battle of continuous defeat and are unable to stop the fire from eroding the 80,000 hectares of forest land in the new south wales province .
japanese emperor akihito goes through a surgery to get rid of the cancer uterus
( agence france - presse , tokyo , 18 th ) - japanese emperor akihito received an operation today to get rid of cancer . doctors of the royal family said that the operation was smooth and the cancer cells seemed to have not spread to other organs .
" the operation has been carried out smoothly as scheduled and has been successfully completed , " he said at a press conference held at the tokyo university hospital .
your majesty has been awakened by narcotic drugs and has talked with the princess who accompanied him . "
he added : " judging from the appearance , we believe that ( cancer ) has not spread . "
he said further tests would be conducted by doctors to ascertain that cancer is limited to the uterus .
the operation was jointly carried out by six doctors , which took three hours and 40 minutes to remove the entire surrogacy of akihito .
the 69 - year - old akihito was in a position in 1989 . this is the first time that the emperor of japan has received an operation in a hospital outside the imperial hospital .
doctors said akihito is scheduled to stay on for about a month .
jinze said that during the operation , akihito did not have much bleeding , and doctors only used his own blood for blood transfusion .
prior to this operation , doctors had stored the blood of akihito in advance , and the number of such blood was unknown .
chief cabinet secretary yasuo fukuda said that the government was pleased with the success of the japanese emperor 's operation and hoped that he would recover at an early date .
government officials said that before akihito was admitted to hospital , the 42 - year - old crown prince deren had temporarily taken over the constitutional duties of the emperor .
this is the first time that the emperor has been transferred to the hospital due to illness .
philippine troops rally to fight communist guerrillas ' threat
( agence france - presse , manila , 20 th ) - philippine security forces are gathering forces to fight a large number of attacks by communist guerrillas in some areas of the southeast asian archipelago .
brigade commander prueher said today that the new people 's army is " attempting to gather troops in certain areas , " including the northern philippines , the southern provinces of manila , and a number of central islands .
he added : " they have stepped up attacks on some areas that they think are weak in military strength , " or " attacked and disturbed troops in a small area of smoke . "
other officials said that the new people 's army has stepped up attacks on so - called " soft " targets , such as telecommunications and power facilities .
last week , the head of the state police , aibudan , asked the telecommunications company to invest several hundred million us dollars in security to prevent attacks by the new people 's army .
prueher said , " the armed forces have re - deployed more troops in areas most likely to be threatened . "
joseph prueher said that the number of staff of the new people 's army had decreased by at least 23 percent from 12,000 to 13,000 two years ago to about 9,000 .
among them , at least 5,000 are " regular armed forces " and about 6,000 in early 2001 .
he said that the government troops had repelled them in more than 400 villages where the new people 's army often appeared .
he said : " we are slowly but definitely winning the people 's confidence . "
last week , the new people 's army suffered a serious military and political setback and forced it to return to the negotiating table with the philippine communist party at its source , the national security adviser said .
after the rebels assassinated two philippine congressmen , philippine president arroyo stopped negotiations with the communist party in mid - 2001 .
last year , the united states listed the new people 's army and the philippine communist party as its " foreign terrorist organization " international blacklist .
washington , canada and many western european governments also agreed to trace and stop the rebels ' foreign financial sources and freeze their overseas assets .
china 's cell phone users will slow down
( agence france - presse , beijing , 21st ) - the number of new mobile phone users in mainland china is expected to be reduced to 52 million this year .
last year , the figure was 61.9 million .
however , the beijing post today quoted a forecast by the ministry of information industry as saying that this goal might be underestimated .
in january last year , the ministry of information industry predicted that the number of new mobile phone users in that year was 55 million , but the actual figure was 61.9 million .
at the end of last year , there were 206.6 million mobile phone users in mainland china , up 42.7 percent from the previous year .
beijing said that in july last year , mainland china became the world 's largest fixed network and mobile phone market .
one year ago , cell phone users alone ranked first in the world .
at the same time , information industry minister wu jichuan predicted that the decline in fixed assets investment in the post industry will be suspended this year , but the investment may be the same , the report said .
last year , investment in fixed assets in the post industry decreased by 20 percent to 2210.6 billion yuan .
the telecommunications industry accounts for 97 percent of the total investment .
wu jichuan predicted that this year , the investment in fixed assets of the post industry will reach 210 billion yuan , slightly lower than last year .
the ministry of information industry estimates that the number of new fixed - line telephone users this year is 33 million , lower than last year 's 35.4 million , the report said .
at the end of december last year , the number of fixed - line telephone users on the chinese mainland reached 241.4 million , an increase of 35 million over the previous year .
wu jichuan also promised to strengthen competition and speed up the establishment of a telecommunications control organization .
he said : " the optimization of telecommunications control has become the most important issue in the telecommunications industry .
we will speed up the drafting of the telecommunications law and revise the postal , judicial , and wireless management regulations . "
world health organization ( who ) begins election for new chairman
( agence france - presse , geneva , 21 st ) - the world health organization ( who ) will start the nomination procedure for the new chairman of the world health organization ( who ) in the coming week , the prime minister of mozambique , the person in charge of the un aids prevention and treatment agency , the belgian , and the south korean tuberculosis expert , lee jong - wu , are most likely to be able to come to the fore in the next week .
the executive council of the world health organization ( who ) will cut the list of candidates to five with effect from today , and will nominate one person on january 28 to replace the outgoing chairman of the board of directors of the world health organization ( who ) , ms .
however , the nominees will have to be confirmed by the 192 member states of the world health organization in may .
foreign affairs officials said that among the candidates for the board of directors , the three people who are most optimistic are : the prime minister of mozambique , the united nations plan for the prevention and treatment of the disease , and the responsible person of the world health organization 's plan to prevent the spread of tuberculosis , lee jong - wu .
according to an unwritten rule , the united nations does its utmost to enable the responsible persons of its major organisations to be held by people from different parts of the world .
some western diplomats admitted that as europeans , pio was in a disadvantageous position at the beginning .
a diplomat said : " at present , people in southern countries are in their twenties . "
hubble calls on independent producers to help safeguard freedom of speech
( agence france - presse , washington , 20 th ) - in the us - led anti - terrorism war , the movie idols roperle called on independent producers to work together to prevent the corrosive influence of freedom of speech .
speaking bluntly at his japanese dance independent film festival yesterday for the sake of domestic and foreign citizens ' freedom , the speech was obviously an indirect attack on the bush administration 's policy .
he warned that the freedom of speech and other basic rights in the united states are being threatened , and independent films can help preserve different artistic and political views .
he said : " one of the advantages of independent production is that it not only has no commercial dogmas , but also is not restricted in expressing different views . "
the founder of the japanese dance film festival , rothier , said that he was prepared to revise the rules of the annual independent producer meeting to allow their works to be shown in the us city .
the film festival has a history of 22 years since it was held in the city of gongyuan .
" freedom of speech is the most precious virtue of us , and we must remember to maintain it . "
the founder of odyssey : the iraq war will lead to oil prices reaching record high of 100 yuan
( afp , doha , 21st ) according to saudi arabia 's former oil minister ymanani , if iraq burned the oil field in the us - led war , the crude oil price will rise sharply to 100 us dollars per barrel .
one of the founders of the organization of petroleum exporting countries ( opec ) said last night that saddam " will destroy iraqi oil wells , and the strategic oil reserves will decrease , and at the same time oil prices may reach 80 to 100 us dollars per barrel . "
at a press conference in the qatari capital of doha , he said that " if the united states attacks iraq , it will probably trigger a world disaster . "
he went on to point out that " the bombing of oil reserves and oil industries in iraq may lead to a big rise in crude oil prices to 80 to 100 us dollars . "
" ( us ) anti - iraqi military actions will destroy oil wells and cause serious turbulence in the whole country , which will lead to a sharp rise in oil prices and a global economic recession , " said yamanani .
north korea has no intention to produce nuclear weapons : report
( afp , seoul ) south korean officials said that the north korean delegation to the south - north ministerial meeting said today that north korea has no intention to produce nuclear weapons .
south korean delegation spokesman li fengchao said : " north korea stressed that it has no intention of producing nuclear weapons . "
the north korean delegation made the remarks after south korea urged the pyongyang regime to abandon its nuclear ambitions , in a briefing on the first official talks in an hour .
" the south korean side stressed that if the issue of nuclear weapons is not resolved , the entire south - north korean relations will certainly not be able to continue to move forward , " li fengchao said .
li fengchao added : " we hope that through this round of talks , north korea will be persuaded to take more concrete steps to reverse its decision to reopen its nuclear facilities that can produce weapons - grade plutonium . "
the focus of the south - north ministerial talks is on reconciliation and humanitarian issues , but south korea , a traditional ally of the united states , has said that seoul is determined to use the opportunity of the south - north korean talks to express the international community 's concern over the nuclear deadlock .
north korea claimed that the nuclear stalemate was only a bilateral issue involving the united states , and other countries ' intervention would only complicate the issue .
marriott , the largest chain retailers in the united states , is expected to make early profits
( agence france - presse , michigan , 26th ) - u . s . 's largest chain retail outlet , kaz , said that after a year of restructuring , the company will get out of the bankruptcy predicament in 2004 and return to profit .
the restructuring plan put forward by the company on the day before yesterday mainly relied on the two investment companies - - the one - million richest man in the state of kangnai , and the third largest capital fund company in new york . these two investment companies are preparing to invest us $ 352 - million to save the company .
however , the restructuring plan has not been approved by the lending banks , investors and suppliers .
this chain of retailers with a century - old history said it would continue to communicate with the creditor 's commission and hoped to extricate itself from the predicament of bankruptcy by april 30 .
the us federal bureau of investigation , the securities and exchange commission , and the energy and business committee of the house of representatives are conducting an investigation into kaj . the reason is that high - ranking officials are suspected of being involved in financial fraud .
the board of directors of the company also conducted an internal investigation and said the night before that it had found " reliable and convincing evidence " , indicating that 10 executive officers had violated management responsibility .
kaem announced bankruptcy a year ago after losing us $ 2.4 billion in 2001 .
it estimated a loss of 3.26 billion us dollars in 2002 and said the company would lose 186 million us dollars this year .
kaem has closed 283 stores , and at the same time laid off 22,000 people . at present , it plans to close 300 more stores and lay off 37,000 people .
powell : us wins support from more than 10 allies in war against iraq
( agence france - presse , davos , switzerland , 25th ) - u . s . secretary of state powell said that the u . s . plan to attack iraq has the support of more than 10 allies .
at this time , he is preparing a draft related to us policy for attending the world economic forum .
under tight security measures , powell arrived at the swiss ski resort of davos to deliver a speech at the annual meeting of global political and business leaders on sunday .
at the same time , the anti - globalization protesters also gathered there .
the concern over the war in iraq has cast a shadow over this year 's meeting .
the member states of the organization of petroleum exporting countries ( opec ) today tried to ease their misgivings about the possible suspension of world oil supply once the united states launches an attack on iraq .
powell told reporters who were accompanying the delegation on the visit to davos that " quite a few countries have indicated that they will act in unison with us . " he also said that even if the un security council does not support the war , the attitude of these countries will not change .
powell said : " we will not be alone , and this can be confirmed .
in my memory , i can refer to more than 10 countries . at the same time , i think more countries will express their support . "
us officials said that powell would hold different talks with turkish prime minister chuo and australian prime minister downer during the meeting in davos .
turkey is an important nato ally of the united states , and is now resisting pressure to join the us - led war against iraq .
as for the australian government , it vowed to send troops to participate in the war in disregard of domestic opposition .
daschle says president bush should give evidence of hussein 's violation of the law
( agence france - presse , washington , 28 th ) - senate democratic leader daschle raised objections to president bush 's proof that iraq possesses weapons of mass destruction . he also questioned whether the white house has a set of " guiding principles " to prove that there is a proper reason to attack saddam .
" if we have the evidence of iraq 's possession of nuclear and biological weapons , why is it not known to the world ? just as president kennedy had a photo of cuba 's possession of offensive missiles 40 years ago , he immediately instructed ambassador to the united nations , the ambassador to the united nations , the united nations , to announce it at the un general assembly . "
at a time when the un arms inspectors reported to the un security council whether iraq would abide by the arms reduction order , daschle fiercely criticized president bush when reporting to the national press club in washington .
he said : " at a time when we are beginning to engage in a war against terrorism , the american people have the right to understand why they want to send thousands of us troops to the battlefield at risk of life , and the united states has to spend billions of us dollars to attack its allies at the expense of its opponents and to provoke attacks on iraq . "
" in a democratic country , it is very important that the president should try his best to defuse the people 's doubts and resolve the people 's misgivings , " said daschle .
he pointed out that polls showed that the american people 's support for president bush has been decreasing .
the white house used various reasons to explain the urgency of overthrowing hussein , including threatening neighboring countries , poisoning the kurd people , attempting to kill former president bush , being accused of being involved in the september 11 attacks , and manufacturing weapons of mass destruction , and so on , so that people do not know what to believe in that side .
he said : " people cannot help but doubt that the government has already had the highest guiding principle . "
floods occur in northwestern australia
( agence france - presse , dunshi , australia , 28th ) - at a time when drought and forest fires are trampled on in many parts of australia , floods in some remote areas of the northwestern part of the country are rampant .
today , the disaster relief authorities have to transport fresh grain supplies to the town of baoke in the kaliya bay of kunlan province , which has been blocked by floods for nearly three weeks .
baoke town is often flooded , and the past flood has caused the town to suspend its ties with the outside world for several months .
however , the head of the local parliament , tenser , said that this year , baoke town was hit by a sudden flood .
he said : " there is no fresh milk , fruits , or vegetables , and bread is also very limited . before the roads are reopened , there are only some food stocks . "
" the last truck that suddenly entered the town of baoke was trapped in the flood . the truck went into the city on the 22nd . we suspended our contacts with the outside world on the evening of the 22nd . "
tenser said that in the past few days , the water level has dropped , and if there is no continuous rain , the road will be open this week .
randt , the owner of the bar in baoke town , said that he was very careful to ensure beer supply , and that he was unable to go to the bars to drink because of the flood .
randt said : " they drink , play cards , and fish to kill time . "
" the flood has now been replaced by mud . therefore , even if the accumulation of water on the road gradually dissipated , it is still impossible to pass through . "
several hundred - year - old rugby trees to be decorated with olympic venues
( agence france - presse , athens , 28th ) - about 4,000 100 - year - old canary trees will be transferred to the 2004 olympic marathon race route and other olympic games venues .
these canary trees will be transferred from the remote islands of christchurch and the island of scaesar .
according to the athens olympic preparatory committee , these trees will be eliminated sooner or later because local construction projects will be carried out .
the athens olympics preparatory committee said that at present , these canary trees are temporarily stored and are preparing to grow 1,500 100 - year - old canary trees along the 42.2 - kilometer long marathon race route in the future .
the remaining old trees will be planted in other olympic venues .
the canary tree is a common scenic spot in greece , and the recently released olympic torch form is the shape of the canary tree , and its inspiration comes from the canary tree .
an official of the olympic preparatory committee said : " this proposal represents the sensitivity of the environmental protection of the preparatory committee . "
three million euros will be spent on greening along the marathon track .
protesters and people close to the community said that the marathon route would undermine the local environment , and some areas where the competition route goes will be widened and destroy the original scenery that has been preserved so far .
environmental protesters have also complained that many trees in some areas of athens have been rooted out because of the olympic - related road projects .
exit polls : sharon - led coalition wins israeli general election
( agence france - presse , jerusalem , 28th ) - israel held a parliamentary election today . according to the results of a poll conducted at the exit of polling stations , the right - wing coalition party led by prime minister sharon will win the election and will win 32 to 36 of the 120 seats in the parliament .
sharon 's office said that the leader of the main opposition labor party , minzana , had admitted his failure and called sharon to congratulate him .
it is estimated that the labor party will have 17 to 19 seats , lower than the original 25 , which will be the worst result of the labor party 's election since the founding of israel in 1948 .
the middle - of - the - road reform party is expected to gain a great deal from only six seats in the last parliament to 14 to 17 seats , thus threatening the status of the second largest party of the labor party .
it is expected that the party will have 9 to 13 seats , less than the current 17 seats .
the above estimates were announced by public television and private channel 2 television stations after the close of the voting at 10 pm .
united party cadres said that they had already started talks in the hope of forming a coalition government that could operate , but labor party leader minzana ruled out the possibility of joining the sharon government .
us olympic games lose face , congressmen plan to reorganize
( agence france - presse , washington , 29 th ) - u . s . congressmen denounced the disputed national olympic committee leaders and vowed to reorganize the world 's most expensive national olympic games .
the us olympic games did not perform well , and there was a fierce internal loss .
the senate plans to hold hearings in february to study the relevant practices , and congressmen who set up the us olympic games in 1978 are now going to start reorganization to arouse the confidence of us athletes , supporters , and sponsors .
" if we want to rebuild the people 's confidence in the us olympic games , then we must carry out restructuring and reorganization , " said the chairman of the senate 's relevant committee , mckinnon .
we must propose ways to reorganize the us olympic games so as to prevent the recurrence of the current problems . "
in the scandal , there was a fierce dispute between the chief executive of the us olympic committee , the chairman of the olympic games , manka meyer , and the discipline official of the olympic games , rojas , who resigned last week .
republican senator canbell said : " if we quarrel , we can also get a gold medal , then the olympic officials involved in this dispute will certainly be qualified to win the gold medal . "
european countries support us strategy toward iraq
( agence france - presse , london , 29 th ) - the leaders of eight european countries , except france and germany , jointly issued an open letter in the times today , calling on europe and the united states to unite to work for the lifting of weapons of mass destruction in iraq .
leaders of britain , spain , portugal , italy , hungary , poland , denmark and the czech republic said that the united nations must force iraqi president saddam hussein to abandon weapons of mass destruction and warned that the reputation of the united nations is being tested .
the letter published in the times said : " our strength comes from unity , " and said that the report submitted by un arms inspectors on the 27th confirmed saddam 's consistent " deception , denial , and non - cooperation . "
the letter was signed by british blair , spain 's aznar , italy 's berlusconi , portugal 's barroso , hungary 's mercedes , poland 's miller , denmark 's rasmussen , and czech republic 's hadi .
they insisted that saddam 's weapons of mass destruction posed a clear threat to world security .
" we must maintain unity and persist in demanding that hussein 's regime disarmed .
the unity , cohesion , and determination of the international community are where the hope for us to achieve this goal by peaceful means lies . "
thai authorities send aircraft to evacuate thai nationals from cambodia
( agence france - presse , bangkok , 30th ) - due to the anti - thai conflict in phnom penh , thai authorities dispatched military transport planes to phnom penh to evacuate about 560 thai nationals . hundreds of thai nationals have returned to bangkok today .
military officials said that thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra and high - ranking military officers welcomed the first c - 130 guinness plane arriving from phnom penh , carrying 170 thai people on board .
the second plane then brought 150 thai people back home .
two other planes are scheduled to carry another 170 people back home .
diplomats will return to china by plane 5 .
" we are ready to withdraw all of them this afternoon , " said the supreme commander of thailand , surayati , at the airport .
surayati said that five thai people had minor burns and had been sent to a hospital near the airport for treatment .
hundreds of protesters in cambodia attacked and burned the thai embassy in phnom penh on the 29 th .
the cambodian attack on the thai people in phnom penh was triggered by a red thai female star who accused the cambodian people of stealing the memorial of the famous angkor temple in cambodia .
angry protesters plunder a shop opened by the thai people in phnom penh , and the royal hotel opened by the thai people is said to have been destroyed .
chinese people in asia happily greet the year of the sheep , look forward to a prosperous new year
( agence france - presse , hong kong ) - as asia is greeting the lunar new year , tens of thousands of people have rushed into the temple to pray for happiness after another year of economic recession , hoping that the opportunity will turn for the better and become more prosperous .
at the famous huangtai temple in hong kong , as soon as midnight , tens of thousands of followers went into the temple in the hope of catching the head of the year of the sheep and looking for the head of the temple .
" i pray for world peace and hong kong people can make more money , " said a middle - aged man after the crowd .
his wife said , " what i want is health , and the workers will no longer be reduced . "
in taiwan , when president chen shui - bian returned to his hometown in tainan to give red packets , about 20,000 people formed a team of several kilometers long , waiting for the president 's 200 yuan red packets .
as the presidential office only prepared 15,000 red packets , thousands of people returned disappointed .
in china , it is reported that three - quarters of the 1.3 billion people are celebrating the spring festival on television .
the state - run cctv claimed that the four - hour special program on the new year 's eve of the lunar new year on the eve of the lunar new year has attracted as many as 975 million viewers .
many of the people who can be taken away from the television have dinner in the city 's restaurants to welcome the new year , and many well - known restaurants are said to be full .
this year , indonesia has designated the lunar new year as a national holiday for the first time , and this is a victory for the chinese people who have been subjected to extensive discrimination for a long time , and now they can celebrate the spring festival .
space shuttle disaster may lead to suspension of space operations : russian expert
( agence france - presse , moscow ) - a russian space expert pointed out that the unfortunate incident of the breakup of u . s . space shuttle columbia on its way back to the earth may lead to the temporary suspension of the human mission of the international space station by the u . s . space shuttle and the russian spacecraft .
the russian space expert , who did not want to be named , told the interfax news agency that the accident of the breakup of the colombian spacecraft when it returned to the atmosphere would force the astronauts on the space station to return to the ground and open the automatic system of the space station for a period of time .
he said that if the cause of the accident was confirmed to be caused by the age of the shuttle , the united states would freeze all the missions of the shuttle to prevent the recurrence of similar disasters .
he further pointed out that it is very likely that the united states will send astronauts to the space station until 2007 or 2008 , and will have to build a new spacecraft .
if the us space shuttle stops , russia will only be able to send its astronauts to the space station . however , the russian space agency is facing a serious financial difficulty . therefore , the united states and russia may reach an agreement on the use of the united nations to maintain the human mission of the space station in order to make up for the international space station .
the russian expert said that the astronauts on the international space station were originally scheduled to return to the earth on march 1 , and now they should stay on the space station .
the international space station program includes 16 countries , including the united states , russia , japan , canada , and france .
russian experts pointed out that the unfortunate incident on the 1 st showed that the space shuttle could not be relied on , and that russia was also out of the mind in 1971 , when the joint spacecraft no . 11 crashed when it returned to the earth , resulting in the loss of three astronauts on the spacecraft .
new czech president leaves office yet to be confirmed
( agence france - presse , prague , 2 nd ) - harry , a playwright who became a hero of the democratic movement during the era of the communist party of the czech republic 's rule , today bid farewell to his official life and resigned from his post as the elected president for 13 years .
in his television speech , hadi thanked the people for their trust in him . he said : " if not for your understanding and goodwill , i will not be able to stay in the office for a while . "
despite the serious health problems , he is still under great pressure , and although his successor has not yet been determined , he is still stepping down as scheduled .
hadi was sworn in on december 29 , 1989 . on the same day , he made his first speech to the public on the yangtai station in brundtland . earlier today , he also expressed his best wishes to hundreds of people at the same place . he said : " i will bid farewell to you 13 years after i assumed the presidency . "
this 66 - year - old writer was originally a dissidents , but later he changed to a world - class politician . this also means that democracy has defeated the polar power in europe .
after the revolution in the czech republic , hadi , who was once a prisoner of the communist regime , became president .
three years later , the czech republic was divided into two countries , the czech republic and slovakia , and the czech republic continued to be the president of the czech republic .
the president was handed over to prime minister jean - claude juncker and the speaker of the house of representatives , who are scheduled to take over the presidential power for the time being from tomorrow until the new president is elected .
the czech parliament held a meeting last month to elect a new president , but no results were achieved in the two polls on january 15 and 24 .
britain expects chirac to support un security council 's mandate to attack iraq
( afp , london , 3 rd ) the british government believes that french president chirac will eventually support the second resolution authorized by the un security council to attack iraq .
british media reported today that chirac and british prime minister blair will meet tomorrow in northern france to exchange views on the latest development of the iraqi crisis .
the left - wing newspaper , the headline , " tang ning street predicted that chirac would change his position on iraq . " the newspaper quoted a source from the british prime minister 's office as saying that four factors would affect chirac 's acceptance of britain 's idea .
the middle - right - wing times also quoted a high - ranking british official as saying that chirac had understood that his anti - war stand was " too much " . he was shocked to see that the seven european countries had adopted a unanimous stand with britain and signed a letter on the iraq issue published by the international media last week .
the times quoted a british diplomat as saying that chirac liked to be the focus of attention , but he was not stupid , and perhaps he hoped to see the 180 - degree change of chirac tomorrow , but he still hoped to see signs of a change in his attitude at the summit between the leaders of the two countries .
nearly 3,000 us troops stationed in south korea ordered to freeze deployment
( agence france - presse , seoul , 3 rd ) - u . s . military claimed that about 2,900 u . s . generals and soldiers who are scheduled to leave south korea in the next three months have been ordered to freeze their defense , so that the troops can maintain their combat readiness .
the freeze was not directly related to the north korean nuclear crisis , but highlighted the united states ' two - sided efforts to deal with the iraqi and north korean issues .
the eighth us army corps in seoul said today that they had received a freeze order to maintain the scale of us troops stationed in south korea . at the same time when iraq and afghanistan were also carrying out similar military deployment , the replacement plan of us military units in the united states was also suspended .
lieutenant general kang bell , commander of the eighth army group , issued a statement aimed at ensuring the strength of the us troops stationed in south korea .
according to the defense treaty signed between south korea and the united states , there are about 37,000 us troops stationed in south korea , and us troops in south korea have been on alert since north korea 's nuclear ambitions were exposed in december last year .
suspected wreckage of space shuttle found in west california and arizona
( agence france - presse , houston ) - u . s . national aviation and space agency ( nasa ) said that the wreckage of the suspected crash of the columbia space shuttle was also found in california and arizona in the western part of the united states . this or the permission provided important clues to why the space shuttle would break down in the air .
" we have received many reports that we have found the wreckage on the ground of california and arizona , " said kirstnik , deputy director of the state aviation and space agency .
he said that a team of experts had been instructed to inspect the wreckage at various locations in these states , but it was also prudent to point out what was not yet known .
a special task force has been formed by the space agency to search for the wreckage in texas and west carolina , where most of the remains of the shuttle were found , said the space program manager , the space shuttle .
the wreckage is likely to be important because it can provide key parts of the cause of the crash , he said .
on the 1 st , the columbia space shuttle was scheduled to land at 9 : 16 a.m . ( 10 : 16 p.m . taipei time ) in the air before the kennedy space center in florida , and the seven astronauts on the spacecraft were all killed .
investigators are trying to find out why the temperature on the left side of the space shuttle was up to 16 degrees celsius a few minutes before the suspension of communications , and the unusual pulling force on the left side of the space shuttle at the same time caused the shuttle to get out of control .
krajisnik said that the possibility of finding the wreckage in a place more west than originally expected was regarded as important in clarifying the cause of the crash .
he said : " it is of utmost importance to review the wreckage in the early stage of the crash . "
south korean envoy calls for dialogue with north korea
( agence france - presse , washington , 4 th ) - u . s . president bush urged washington to hold direct talks with north korea in the face of strong demands from the next south korean government and important allies of the u . s . congress , so as to prevent the nuclear crisis from happening .
one day after ordering heavy bombers to be prepared for deployment at any time and thus arousing the anger of north korea , bush 's senior assistant had no choice but to defend washington 's policy toward north korea .
" we hope that the united states will play a more active role in dialogue with north korea , " the special envoy of president roh moo - hyun , who will soon take office , stressed south korea 's stand after holding talks with secretary of state powell .
he also said that the dialogue between the united states and north korea should be conducted on multilateral international occasions .
at the same time , republican foreign affairs senior senator lujia also strongly called on the united states to hold dialogue with north korea .
lu jia said : " i think us officials should hold talks with north korean officials to discuss how to end north korea 's nuclear weapons program through an international thorough inspection agreement . "
powell 's assistant armitage told lujia 's senate foreign relations committee that the talks between us and north korean officials were only a matter of time , not a question whether or not to be discussed .
" of course we will hold direct talks with north korea . this is undoubtedly , " armitage said .
however , he said that washington had to hold the dialogue only when it was convinced that it had already established " strong international opinion " to support the end of pyongyang 's nuclear weapons program .
german unemployment rises to five - year high in january
( agence france - presse , frankfurt , 5 th ) - according to official data , the bad weather and long - term economic slump in winter have pushed the unemployment rate in germany to a new high in january this year , setting a new high in five years , causing german chancellor schroeder , who has just been re - elected for 100 days , to suffer another heavy blow .
in addition , with the threat of a possible war in iraq , germany , the biggest economy in the euro zone , is getting more and more depressed .
the freeze in the german labor market seems to continue in the next few months .
data released by the federal labor department in newcastle , germany , show that the number of people seeking jobs in germany has risen to 4623,000 , or 11.1% of the german labor force , and the unemployment rate in january has reached a new high in five years since march 1988 .
in december last year , the total unemployed population reached 4.225 million , and the unemployment rate was equal to 10.1 percent .
due to seasonal factors , the unemployment population in germany is usually on the rise in winter , with the general companies , especially the construction industry , being dismissed due to bad weather .
however , even if this reason is taken into account , the number of people who applied for unemployment relief last month continued to increase .
the total number of unemployed people in january rose from 4212,000 in december last year to 4274,000 , according to the latest seasonally adjusted data released by the frankfurt central bank .
meanwhile , the seasonally adjusted unemployment rate increased from 10.1% to 10.3% .
director of the federal labor bureau , gester , will be attributed to the extraordinary winter weather and economic difficulties .
singapore 's economy expected to recover in 2004 : report
( agence france - presse , singapore , 6 th ) - singapore 's economic review committee said that due to global geopolitical and economic tension , singapore 's economy is expected to recover in full by 2004 .
the singapore economic review committee said in its annual report : " singapore 's economy has yet to completely recover from the recession since 2001 . there are too many instability in the region , the slowdown in the economies of europe , the united states , and japan , the imminent trigger of the iraq war , and the major challenges of the chinese mainland have cast a shadow on singapore 's recent economic prospects . "
however , there is still a reasonable opportunity for singapore 's economy to grow this year , but it may have to wait until 2004 for a full recovery .
singapore 's economy is expected to grow by 2 to 5 percent this year after a 2.2 percent economic growth last year , but is still far lower than singapore 's annual growth rate of 7.3 percent since 1985 .
the economic audit commission also suggested that the government should extend the plan to restore the rate of the employers ' provident fund payment . two years later , it will consider raising the rate of the employers ' provident fund payment , so as to avoid increasing the burden on employers in the current difficult period , help reduce the unemployment rate , and send a strong message to foreign investors .
yao ming sighed with feeling that the status of nba idols was too fast
( agence france - presse , atlanta , georgia , 8 th ) - chinese long - term yao ming , who has become the latest basketball idols of the united states , met with the media after the signing of a contract , the baseball star and the american football star manning , and faced with more than 100 reporters who were doing their best to capture his speech , he could not help feeling that everything was too fast . however , yao ming still showed the calm and wisdom of confucius .
the 22 - year - old midfeng of the houston rocket team will be the first player in the 52 nd us professional nba star tournament to be held here tomorrow , becoming the first asian player in the nba star competition .
other nba star players , such as deng ken and efosen , appear to be more lonely compared with the chinese long - term who has attracted the attention of fans around the world .
yao ming said : " the attention we have received is quite obvious . this is only one side of my pressure , which is very special . "
i hope to stay in the hotel room , but as a basketball player , this is very likely a luxury that i cannot reach . "
however , when the majority of people look at your stomach , your faces are constantly appearing in tv ads , and this is very likely to be a luxury .
when you are making millions of us dollars in money and replace the flying man jordan as the main salesman of the basketball , life will inevitably be a mess of reason .
yao ming said , " everything happened too quickly and too quickly .
you do n't want to have everything from the beginning , you want to gradually integrate into the nba , not like that .
however , all these cannot be done by you . "
no intention to return to the stadium
( agence france - presse , paris , 7 th ) - the former swiss woman , who ranked first in the world in the world in the men 's singles of five grand slam and eight doubles champions in 1997 - 2010 , said today that she had no intention to return to the stadium .
however , the 21 - year - old serena williams believed that the 14 - year - old singh was too early to develop , so she was exhausted .
" i do n't think that singh has officially withdrawn from the internet . she is only relieved of her job . when i was in the world of the world , i had been in the world for several years before the age of 17 , and sometimes i would have the feeling of being relieved of her life . "
singh , who has been redressed in her legs last year , has been unable to take part in the french open and the virginia network competition , but has been eliminated by shakespeare in the third round of the us open .
the last match was shot down on october 10 last year by russian competitor demandala in fallujah , germany .
xiaowei , who has won four grand slam championships in a row , frankly said that singh was a great encouragement to her achievement today .
bush vowed to remove iraqi armed forces by various means
( agence france - presse , washington , 14 th ) - u . s . president bush vowed today to lift the armed forces of iraqi president saddam hussein 's regime by " various means . "
he accused : " hussein possesses weapons of mass destruction and used them . he is used to deceive the world and continues to do so . "
hussein has also established ties with the terrorist network . "
in his speech at the us federal bureau of investigation headquarters , bush explained the various efforts made to prevent the terrorist attacks similar to the september 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks . he sternly said : " hussein is a dangerous element , which is the reason why he will be removed from the armed forces by various means . "
this is bush 's first public response to the un security council meeting held in new york today .
the main purpose of the meeting was to hear a report on whether iraq would abide by the resolution 1441 passed by the un security council on november 8 last year .
white house spokesman fleischer said that blix did not provide any reason for people to believe that iraq is observing un security council resolution 1441 .
he told reporters : " the world has not received any news from new york today . it is believed that hussein has shown to the weapons inspectors that he is now disarming . "
the situation is just the opposite . "
asked when the united states will put forward a follow - up resolution aimed at implementing the un security council resolution 1441 , fleischer said , " it is too early to say , " but the united states will consult its allies on the contents of the wording .
for example , france , russia , china , and other countries still advocate strengthening arms inspection against iraq , and do not want the united states to lead a war against iraq .
fleischer said that president bush also thinks military action is the " last resort . "
however , he insisted on the timetable set by bush , saying that the united nations can only try to promote the peaceful liberation of the armed forces in iraq in " a few weeks rather than a few months " and then take military action .
white house to study sanctions against north korea : new york times
( afp report from washington d . c . ) the new york times today quoted a us official as saying that the white house is studying sanctions against pyongyang once it fails to abandon its nuclear weapons development action .
the sanctions will include stopping north korea 's arms delivery and cutting off the remittance of korean people living in japan to north korea , the report said .
the report pointed out that officials of the pentagon and the state department are working out a detailed plan for sanctions to enable the united states to respond at any time when north korea takes new measures to develop nuclear weapons .
according to the new york times , the first step will be to urge the un security council to condemn the recent measures taken by north korea , including the withdrawal from the nuclear non - proliferation treaty and the re - opening of the closed - door nuclear facilities that can be used for the production of weapons , which may be in the next two weeks .
however , washington 's pacific allies are still opposed to the idea of sanctions against north korea , and the un security council may still focus on the iraq issue in the next few weeks .
the new york times reported that at the same time , many us officials are worried that if the united states launches an attack on iraq , north korea may seize the opportunity to promote its arms production .
us troops to conduct training on philippine hostage island
( agence france - presse , manila , the philippines , 17 th ) - u . s . military training personnel will be sent to the philippine hostage island - and the philippines island this year to help the philippines cope with the terrorist threats posed by the islamic rebel group .
philippine president arroyo 's spokesman said , " this training exercise will form part of the overall and ongoing defense and security cooperation between the philippines and the united states , and will continue to focus on increasing our ability to resist terrorist threats and defend ourselves . "
he pointed out in a statement : " as for the detailed number of us officers and men and support forces , as well as the timetable for the exercise , the philippine government and the united states will still consult . "
philippine defense secretary reyes told reporters that us general weber will arrive in the philippines in the near future to " discuss the various situations and details of the operation in the soviet union . "
the islands in the south of the philippines include the island of suru .
arroyo 's national security adviser , gloria macapagal - arroyo , said that the training exercise would " give the philippine armed forces the greatest training in the fight against terrorism . "
since the 2001 terrorist attacks on the united states , the us government has been strengthening military aid to the philippine government , worrying that al - qaeda islamic militants who were driven out of the us - led afghan war might have established bases in southeast asia .
the above - mentioned suspicion has been proved in the bombing of a resort in bali last year , which killed nearly 200 people .
most of the people killed in the bali bombings were western tourists .
german telecom 's mobcm founder to declare bankruptcy
( agence france - presse , hamburg , 18 th ) - the founder of the german telecom industry , the former chairman of the board of directors of the company , schily , announced today that due to the huge shrinking stock value , he announced his personal bankruptcy and has submitted an application to the court of the german northern virginia court .
schily holds about 40 percent of the shares of the company he founded . in the past year , the company 's financial difficulties were almost on the brink of bankruptcy , and the stock price of the company was also affected .
the statement pointed out that the private property and real estate of schily were also affected .
the court has appointed an accountant to deal with his bankruptcy .
in order to establish a new generation of mobile phone network global mobile communications system , schily has spent a great deal of time on the development of the mtp , and this has led to the dismissal of the mobc 's major shareholders , the french telecom , last year .
in a statement issued later today , mike moore said that the bankruptcy of the company would not affect the business or contract of the company .
the statement added that there would not be any change in a 7 billion - euro relief package undertaken by the french telecom , which expects the german government and financial institutions to provide about 100 million euros in financing for the current 5,000 - member mobelcom .
us , south korea hold military exercise in march , north korea threatened to withdraw from cease - fire agreement
( agence france - presse , seoul , 18 th ) south korea and the united states are preparing to launch a large - scale military exercise for nearly a month since early march . north korea has threatened to withdraw from the korean war truce agreement .
at a time when the four - month - long tension on the korean peninsula has not eased up , the general interpretation of north korea 's threat of withdrawing from the cease - fire agreement is that pyongyang has responded to the us and south korea 's announcement yesterday that a joint military exercise will be held in march .
a statement issued by the north korean military accused the united states of repeatedly violating the cease - fire agreement , " if the united states continues to arbitrarily violate and mistakenly use the cease - fire agreement , there is no need for north korea to continue to abide by the cease - fire agreement . "
the future development will completely depend on the attitude of the us side . "
however , senior us military officials said that north korea had said in 1994 that they would no longer be restricted by the korean war truce agreement .
us authorities announced yesterday that the united states and south korea will hold an annual joint military exercise on the korean peninsula from march 4 to april 2 .
south korea has invited north korea yesterday to send observers to observe the military exercise , a south korean government official said .
the official , who declined to be named , said : " north korea 's statement on withdrawing from the cease - fire agreement is obviously a response to the upcoming joint military exercise between south korea and the united states . "
prior to this , the united states had ordered 12 b - 52 bombers and the same number of b - 1 bombers to be stationed in the korean peninsula , and north korea has strongly condemned this .
in addition , the japanese media reported yesterday that the united states has planned to strengthen its military deployment in northeast asia in order to guard against the misgivings caused by north korea 's nuclear weapons program .
indonesian authorities reject us embassy security plan
( agence france - presse , jakarta , 19th ) - u . s . embassy in jakarta proposed to indonesian authorities a three - meter barrier to strengthen the security of the embassy , but it was rejected .
the " jakarta post " and the state - run " antara " news agency reported today one after another that the jakarta authorities have rejected the request to replace the current plan of separating the embassy and the ambassador 's residence from the outside world with a wall .
the jakarta official quoted the mayor as saying that a wall can be built , but the precondition is that it must be built in the embassy area three meters away from the existing barriers .
in addition , there is a need for the embassy to install grass - covered flowers between the two barriers to improve the view of the museum area .
sudassault said the garden view could reduce the feeling of the us embassy as a fortress .
before and after the us led the afghan military action aimed at overthrowing the taliban regime in 2001 , the us embassy in indonesia was constantly facing demonstrations and protests .
in those years , after the former ambassadors protested against the jakarta police for failing to effectively curb the actions of the hard - line islamic groups threatening the security of the americans , relevant authorities strengthened the security of the embassy .
it is generally expected that if the united states sends troops to iraq , it will be unable to avoid large - scale protests .
new power actively introduces game 2 to the internet world
( agence france - presse , tokyo ) - japan 's electronics giant sony corp . said that starting from may , sony will sell a broadband connection device for the use of game masters in the retail outlets throughout japan , so as to further push the popular new power game masters to the internet world .
sony had sold only 190,000 sets of broadband connection devices by the end of december , seven months after it was promoted in japan .
at present , broadband connection devices , which are made up of hard disks and transformers , are only sold through the internet service providers ( iso ) .
compared with the first two users in japan , there are 12.5 million users and 50.4 million users in various parts of the world , and the above sales performance is not in proportion .
it is part of the strategy to encourage users to use their game players to play on - line games .
a spokeswoman for sony computer entertainment company , a subsidiary of sony , said : " we will sell a chain pack in the shop so that more users can enjoy the fun of online games . "
the spokesman said that among the 874 existing games , there is only one on - line game , which will add two online games in the next few months .
about 20 types of game sold in japan are capable of getting on the line .
the price of the broadband link is not fixed , but the price of the sales through the internet service providers is 18,000 yen ( 150 us dollars ) per set .
sony has sold about 570,000 sets of narrow - frequency internet connection packages in north america at a price of about us $ 39 per set , and about 20 kinds of games .
asia to have the world 's largest program designer population in two years
( agence france - presse , singapore , 24th ) - " international information company " published a report today , pointing out that in the next two years , the asia - pacific region will have more computer program designers and other professional research and development personnel than north america .
north america is the region with the largest concentration of research and development personnel in 2001 , and the asia - pacific region has replaced europe and has risen to the world 's second largest research and development population .
however , the " international information " report said that the strong growth of china and india is expected to push the asia - pacific region to the top in 2005 .
asia , especially india , is the main source of professionals in north america 's information industry .
" international information " said , " in the next five years , the growth of the asia - pacific region is expected to be much stronger than that of north america , especially those big countries , china and india . "
" international information " said that there were 7.8 million research and development personnel in 2001 , which is expected to increase to 13.5 million in 2006 .
the report pointed out that at the end of 2001 there were 1.7 million it research and development personnel in asia .
" international information " said that the decline in the number of information professionals in north america was partly due to the decline in the technology industry in the region .
study shows father 's genes may affect child birth time
( agence france - presse , paris , 28 th ) - according to a danish research report published in the british medical weekly , which will be published on saturday , father 's genes may affect the time of birth .
about 5% of pregnant women will have late production , that is , the time of pregnancy will reach 294 days .
at present , it is known that this problem will cause health problems to pregnant women and children , but it is still a mystery .
danish researchers followed 43,000 birth cases between 1980 and 1992 , with at least two children , and the first time they were pregnant .
at the time of analysis , they only used the data of their previous two production .
on the whole , nearly 20% of these women who have been pregnant for more than a long time have the same experience during the second pregnancy .
however , when the first and second children came from different father , the ratio dropped slightly to more than 15 percent .
" this is already a lot .
this means that if you ( the second child ) are the same partners , then you are more likely to be pregnant for a long time than those who change the partners . "
the study report said : " if women change their partners when they are pregnant every time , they can reduce the risk of repeated late production phenomena .
we believe this is a new discovery .
and this result means that the time of birth may be determined by the father 's genes . "
belgium urges oil tanker to take fuel as soon as possible
xinhua news agency report of january 4 th from brussels ( by staff reporter liu saijun ) - the belgian authorities issued an ultimatum on the 4 th to the owner of the turkish ship " weiji " , which had dropped its anchor in the waters of belgium , demanding that it start to take the 700 to 1,000 tons of fuel transported by 8 : 00 a.m . on the 5 th .
the belgian media quoted the person in charge of the relevant department as saying that the fuel carried by the " vitamins " is the same as the fuel carried by the " prestige " that causes pollution in the spanish sea area . the owner of the ship must ensure that the fuel is taken away as soon as possible to avoid causing large - scale pollution to the belgian waters .
the belgian authorities said that if the owner of the " viki " ship fails to meet the above - mentioned requirements , for example , the ship will be detained and the ship will be entrusted to a professional company to carry out the oil pumping work , the cost will be paid by the owner of the ship .
on the 1 st , the " weiji " tanker left for new york from belgium 's antwerp , where it collided with the norwegian " three color " cargo ship , which sank in the dover strait last month , and then dropped its anchor in the waters 30 kilometers off the coast of the north of belgium .
floods hit some parts of europe
xinhua news agency , berlin , january 4 , germany , belgium , the czech republic , and some other european countries have recently been hit by hurricane and floods , killing at least seven people .
the water level of many rivers has risen , the shipping of some important rivers has been forced to be suspended , and the transportation of highways and railways has also been affected .
in the state of bavaria , germany , the flood broke through the embankment on the 4 th , submerged the surrounding areas , and the residents had no choice but to walk in deep water .
a small town , verteham , is expected to experience the highest water level in 80 years .
the volunteers used rubber boats to send local residents to the shops for shopping .
government officials have also built platforms in old urban areas to facilitate people 's travel .
the historic city of cologne also avoided a robbery amid heavy rain .
a total of 144 kilometers south of cologne was forced to suspend the transportation of the river .
however , government officials said that as the river continues to drop , the worst period has passed .
however , the flood situation in the small belgian town of nicosia is still serious , and two people have been missing .
the belgian government has decided to recruit military personnel to build a sand bag dam to prevent further attacks on villages and roads .
sri lankan prime minister calls for joint efforts to achieve lasting peace
xinhua news agency report of january 6 th from colombo ( by staff reporter zhang yadong ) - sri lanka 's prime minister lashkar villepin called on the people on the 5 th to work together to end the 19 - year - long national conflicts in the country and realize lasting peace .
the talks between the sri lankan government and the rebel liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( tigers ) have entered a decisive stage , and no matter what happens , they cannot leave the negotiating table , and now it is time to start to embark on the road of lasting peace .
he stressed that there is still a long way to go before the final realization of peace , and the settlement of national conflicts through political means will guarantee the rights and interests of all nationalities .
he called on all parties concerned to abandon their political differences , speak with one voice , and make up their minds to seek peace .
the sri lankan government and the tigers started a four - day fourth round of peace talks here today .
one of the main topics of the talks was the settlement of the war - torn thai people in the high security zone of the jaffna peninsula in northern sri lanka , but the sri lankan government and the tigers have recently had serious differences on the issue .
the sri lankan army has proposed the disarming of the tigers as a condition for the replacement of the tamil eelam , but the tigers claimed that this condition was " unacceptable and unrealistic . "
the sri lankan government and the tigers signed an agreement in february last year to start a formal ceasefire .
since mid - september , the two sides have held three rounds of peace talks .
the tigers have said that they will no longer seek to establish an independent tamil state in northern and eastern sri lanka through war , but seek regional autonomy under the federal system .
fengxiang mud - painted sheep in shaanxi becomes china 's year of the sheep
xinhua news agency , xi ' an , january 8 , the work of hu xinmin , an artist of the sixth battalion in fengxiang county , shaanxi province , was chosen as the chinese sheep of the year of the sheep while being selected as the 2003 stamp .
this is the first time that the chinese people have chosen the mascot for their own new year .
starting from the end of september 2002 , the cctv and more than 50 media nationwide jointly collected the 2003 sheep 's year mascot in china .
as of the end of 2002 , the evaluation committee had received more than 300 entries for the " sheep " project .
among the " sheep " with their own characteristics , the mud - painted by shaanxi 's nongovernmental artist hu xinmin , who is " vociferous , joyful , and auspicious , " has been favored by the majority of the judges .
in the end , he won the crown of the year of the sheep with an absolute majority of votes .
the baochicken area in shaanxi province has always been known as " a village of folk arts and crafts . " in 1995 and 2002 , the pillows of the folk artists in baojiulong county and the mud and horses of the veteran artist of the six battalions village of fengxiang county , hu shen , were respectively used by the state post office as the stamp design of the year , and were issued to the people at home and abroad .
this is the third time that the state postal administration has selected a set of stamps on the lunar new year animals .
the hague medical team will go to croatia to confirm poland 's condition
xinhua news agency , belgrade , january 8 ( reporter yang chengming ) - the croatian media disclosed on the 8 th that the hague court will send a medical team to croatia in the near future to confirm whether the condition of the former chief of the general staff of the croatian army wanted by the hague court is allowed to stand trial .
in mid - november of last year , borbek was hospitalized for treatment .
croatian prime minister racan promised him that he would not be extradited to the hague court during his stay in hospital .
a spokesman for the international tribunal for the former yugoslavia issued a statement on 20 september last year , saying that the court had formally asked the croatian government to arrest and extradite potek , who had committed " anti-humanity crimes and war crimes . "
he was chief of the general staff of the croatian armed forces from november 1992 to july 1995 .
the hague court accused him of directing his subordinates to kill more than 100 serbs and soldiers in september 1993 and burned 300 civilian houses .
in a statement to the media on the evening of the same day , bertoledo rejected the hague court 's charges against him and said that he would never yield to the hague court at the cost of his life .
us defense department canceled two missile interception tests
xinhua news agency report of january 8 th from washington ( by staff reporter tan xinmu ) - us defense department 's missile defense agency spokesman aznar announced on the 8 th that the us military has decided to cancel the two missile interception tests scheduled for the first half of this year , because the development of a new type of missile for launching the interceptor missile is lagging behind the original process .
aznar told the press here that the missile defense agency needs to concentrate its energy on solving the problem of helping push rockets this year , and the next missile interception test will be carried out after the boeing company produces a new type of rocket this autumn .
the boeing company originally planned to start a flight test of a new type of " interceptor " missile in 2000 , but the test was postponed due to technical reasons .
after the failure of the launch of the rocket in december 2001 , the boeing company decided to re - design the rocket and is scheduled to complete it this autumn .
in the eight land - based missile interception tests that have already been conducted , the us military used the modified " militia " rocket as a substitute boosters , but the test results of this type of boosters are not ideal .
both the missile interception tests conducted in july 2000 and december last year failed because the " interceptor " failed to separate from the rocket .
on 17 december last year , us president bush ordered the defense department to start deploying the missile defense system and strive to build a preliminary missile defense system by september 2004 .
however , many experts believe that in terms of technology alone , the time is not ripe for deploying the missile defense system .
kadish , director of the missile defense agency , also said that the deployment of the entire missile defense system would be affected if the boeing company could not produce up - to - standard rocket as scheduled .
slovak president leaves shanghai for hong kong
xinhua news agency , shanghai , january 10 ( reporter zhou jierong ) - - president of the republic of slovakia rudolf schuster concluded his visit to shanghai on the morning of the 10th and left shanghai for hong kong by a special plane on the slovak side .
zhou muyao , vice mayor of shanghai , saw the slovak president off at the airport .
shuster and his party arrived in shanghai from beijing on a special plane at noon on august 8 .
during his stay in shanghai , chen liangyu , mayor of shanghai , met with shuster on the evening of 8 july and welcomed more slovak enterprises to shanghai to carry out economic and trade cooperation .
on the afternoon of 8 june , schuster attended a forum of chinese and slovak entrepreneurs .
on the 9 th , schuster attended the opening ceremony of the shanghai representative office of the slovak electrical design institute , and visited the shanghai urban planning exhibition hall and the shanghai museum .
the total volume of import and export trade between slovakia and shanghai has now reached $ 30 million , and the import and export commodities of the two sides are mainly garments , medicine , steel , furniture , and automobile parts .
shuster arrived in china on 4 january for a state visit at the invitation of chinese president jiang zemin .
shanghai port transcends kaohsiung to become world 's fourth largest container port
xinhua news agency , shanghai , january 10 ( reporter feng yizhen ) according to information from the port industry , the container throughput of shanghai port last year was 86.12 - million teus , while the container throughput of taiwan 's kaohsiung port was about 8.891 - million teus , and the shanghai port exceeded kaohsiung port and became the world 's fourth largest container port .
last year , the global economy turned warm and china 's economy continued to develop , injecting new vitality into the development of the shanghai port .
in 2001 , the shanghai port 's container handling volume reached 6.34 - million containers , which exceeded 7 - million and 8 - million teus last year , with the container handling volume reaching 86.12 - million teus , a sharp increase of 35.8 percent over the previous year , the total volume of cargo handling reached 260 - million tons , an increase of 19 percent over the previous year , and the export volume exceeded 100 - million tons for the first time , an increase of 22 percent over the previous year .
relying on the vast economic hinterland , the shanghai port has a huge network of direct flights , and has become the port with the largest number of air routes and the largest density of flights .
at present , shanghai port has flights in 12 regions in the world , and has trade ties with more than 400 ports in the world . every day , there are air routes to europe and north america , and every week there are flights to the mediterranean sea , the persian gulf , and australia .
each month , there are more than 1,300 flights to all parts of the world .
the shanghai port , which is speeding up the construction of an international shipping center , will break through 9.5 million teus this year , strive to reach 10 million teus , and achieve the original goal one year ahead of schedule .
turkey allows us to inspect bases in turkey
xinhua news agency , ankara , january 10 ( reporter huai chengbo ) according to a report by turkey 's " national newspaper " on the 10th , the turkish government has agreed that the united states will send 150 military personnel to inspect the turkish bases and ports that may be used in the iraq war .
the report said that after several rounds of negotiations , turkey and the united states finally reached an agreement on the legal status of these us military personnel .
the document stipulates that if these us personnel violate the law outside the military facilities , they will be investigated in accordance with the turkish criminal law .
the turkish judiciary has the right to arrest , sentence , and imprisonment them .
if the court allows the offender to serve a sentence in the united states .
turkish and us officials will be able to sign the document at any time , according to the official news agency .
according to reports , the united states demanded that turkey agree to open up a " northern front " for the use of force against iraq in its territory , use turkish bases and ports , and deploy 80,000 ground troops in turkey to launch attacks on baghdad from turkey .
the us side hopes that military experts will inspect and build the bases and ports in turkey as soon as possible so that these facilities can meet the standards of actual combat .
the three bases proposed by the united states are robert zoellick , barghur , and dibakr , and the three ports are talezhu , mercanon , and isakland .
they are all located in the southern and southeastern parts of turkey .
us to resume receiving iraqi refugees
xinhua news agency , washington , january 10 , the united nations high commissioner for refugees ( unhcr ) announced on the 10 th that the united states would resume its implementation of the plan after a brief suspension of its plan to accept iraqi refugees .
us immigration officials said that the iraqi refugee reception program has been resumed after a few days of suspension , but there is no reason for the suspension or restoration of the plan .
on the 9 th , the un high commissioner for refugees in washington received a telephone call from senior officials of the us state department , informing them that the plan to accept iraqi refugees had been suspended .
the refugees affected by this change are mainly scattered in jordan , syria and turkey .
the person in charge of the us refugee commission , raviya , attributed the predicament of these refugees to iraqi president saddam , believing that the persecution of the saddam administration had forced them to flee their homes .
the us government plans to accept 70,000 refugees in 2003 .
last year , it planned to receive 70,000 refugees , but the actual number was less than 30,000 .
( cultural hotline ) beijing opera children 's drama " wild swans " will appear on the stage in beijing
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 11 , the beijing theater of hebei province , according to the beijing opera children 's drama , " wild swans " , will appear on the stage of beijing for the first time from january 13 to 24 , the chang ' an theatre .
in the form of beijing opera , the " wild swans " are concentrated on foreign culture , costumes , and scenes , and the ancient and modern languages , music , and songs , and the beautiful fairy tale is presented in the form of a beijing opera .
it describes the kind - hearted and pure princess , who has been envied and persecuted by her mother because of her beauty , and her elder brother who has gone through all kinds of hardships and difficulty in helping her .
in the end , the true , the good , and the beautiful defeated the fake and the ugly , and the mercedes completed three beautiful leaps and bounds leading to the magnificent life .
according to a report by the " beijing evening news , " the production , direction , singing , and artistic design of the drama can be described as absolute .
in the overall grasp of the drama , the famous director xie anan not only retained the characteristics of beijing opera , but also added the romantic and lively tone of the fairy tale , and mobilized a large number of art means and stage language , especially in the handling of the mass scene , making people feel that he has extraordinary ability and unique style .
zhang yanling , who disguised herself as an actor of the elsa , is a national class one performer and a winner of the " merflower award . "
she has a loud voice and a clear voice .
in the beautiful customs and habits of that foreign country , airesa was worried about the love of the elder brothers , and a large part of the " anti-pornography " was sang in the same breath , and it was in a lively manner .
the drama , which is close to her life , features a simple and beautiful face , which makes her shine .
at least four killed in car bomb blast in colombia
xinhua news agency , bogota , january 16 ( reporter yin nan ) a car bomb exploded on the morning of the 16 th , killing at least four people and injuring 26 .
the colombian police revealed that an explosion occurred in a taxi parked in the parking lot of a shopping arcade next to the procuratorate at 8 : 00 a.m . local time .
five of the victims , including a one - year - old child , were seriously injured .
forty shops and 15 vehicles around the explosion site were damaged .
the authorities suspected that the incident was caused by the rebels ' " revolutionary armed forces of colombia , " because 68 members of the guerrilla group were arrested in mcderin this week .
the police offered a reward of 500 million pesos ( about 17.20 million u.s. dollars ) for the arrest of the perpetrators , said the director of the city police bureau , the police .
the antioquia province , where the city is located , is one of the regions with the most intense armed conflicts in colombia . the " revolutionary armed forces of colombia , " the " national liberation army , " the right - wing military organizations , and other illegal armed forces have carried out frequent activities in this region .
eu confirms huge diamond deal against anti - monopoly
xinhua news agency , brussels , january 16 ( reporter tian fan ) - the european commission announced on the 16 th that the european union has initially identified the world 's largest diamond supplier , debilis company , as well as the russian diamond company , as the contract of diamond trade worth 4 billion euros , as a violation of the european union 's anti - monopoly law .
in south africa and britain , the company , which also owns the company 's headquarters , controls 60 to 65 percent of the world 's unprocessed diamonds , while the russian diamond company is the only diamond mining company in russia , and is also the world 's second largest producer of unprocessed diamonds .
according to a five - year contract signed by the two companies , the russian diamond company has agreed to provide half of the annual diamond output , which is worth about 800 million euros , to the company , and the company will be responsible for pushing the diamonds to the market .
the european commission pointed out in a statement that the contract will restrict the free competition between russia and the world diamond market , and will enable the company to abuse its dominant position to effectively control the quantity , quality , and even price of diamonds in the world market .
according to the eu 's anti - monopoly law , the two companies can raise objections to the eu commission 's decision within two months , and the eu commission will continue its anti - monopoly investigation of the two companies .
three killed in gas explosion in coal mine
xinhua news agency , harbin , january 21 ( reporter wu xiaodong and yang haibin ) at 9 : 42 on the 20 th , a gas explosion occurred in the coal mine of the jixi mining group , with 97 people working in the mine and 16 people killed .
by the early morning of 21 march , rescue and disaster relief work had been completed .
according to yu jiahua , chairman of the board of directors of the jixi mining group , the coal mine was reorganized from the former bankruptcy of the musa coal mine , with an annual output of about 200,000 tons .
the gas explosion point is not in the mining area , and is located at the back of the pit .
at that time , the miners were moving equipment .
the cause of the explosion is not yet clear .
after the accident , the jixi mining group dispatched more than 40,000 ambulance personnel to rescue the accident in a timely manner , with the exception of 16 people who were killed and the rest being safely transferred .
the remains of the victims have been transported to the ground , and the identification work and other aftermath of the accident are under way .
the ventilation system in the mine has been restored to normal .
the heilongjiang provincial coal mine safety supervision bureau and relevant leaders of jixi rushed to the scene to organize rescue work after the accident , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
japan 's central bank decides to maintain current financial policy
xinhua news agency , tokyo , january 22 ( reporter le shaoyan ) the policy committee of the central bank of japan , which ended on the 22nd , decided to maintain the current financial policy and to maintain the total amount of funds provided to the market at the level of 150 - trillion yen ( 1 us dollar equals 118 - billion japanese yen ) .
the meeting held that the government and the ruling party should adopt a cautious attitude on the issue of " drawing up an appropriate inflation target . "
the meeting held that although japan 's economic prospects have become even more vague , the stock market and the financial market have been relatively stable , and there has been no major change in the economic situation , so it has decided to maintain the current financial policy .
with regard to the government and the ruling party 's demand for the central bank to further relax the monetary base and set the target of moderate inflation , the central bank believes that the japanese financial market has sufficient funds at present .
if there is a shortage of funds in the financial market in the future , the central bank will increase the amount of capital investment in accordance with the needs .
it is reported that the japanese government and the ruling party hope that the central bank will bring the annual growth rate of domestic prices to a level of 1 to 3 percent .
iraq war may lead to sufficient supply in international oil market
xinhua news agency , riyadh , january 22 , according to a report by algerian energy and mining minister al - harry on the 22 nd , the oil exporting countries ( opec ) cannot guarantee to make up for a daily shortage of 5 million barrels of crude oil in the international market if a war breaks out in iraq .
harry said that among the opec members , only saudi arabia and the arab united chiefs of staff have actual space to increase production .
he said : " opec has problems in meeting market demand because saudi arabia and the united arab emirates , which have room for increasing production , can increase output by up to 3 million barrels a day . "
since december last year , crude oil prices in the international market have continued to rise due to the threat of a large - scale strike in venezuela and the iraq war .
the organization of petroleum exporting countries ( opec ) today decided to increase oil production by 1.5 million barrels per day from february .
however , as the threat of the war in iraq has not been eliminated and britain and the united states have continued to send more troops to the gulf region , oil prices on the international market continued to rise on the 21 st .
harry said that compared with the supply and demand relations , the current international oil prices are more affected by the tense international political situation .
shenzhen and lo wu customs crack down on money smuggling
xinhua news agency report of january 25 th from shenzhen ( by staff reporter li nanling ) - ( by staff reporter li nanling ) while ensuring civilized and highly efficient supervision and control , the shenzhen lo wu customs has severely cracked down on the smuggling of money through passenger inspection channels .
last year , the customs cracked a total of 1,023 monetary cases , worth more than 150 million yuan , of which 15 cases involving more than 500,000 yuan ( excluding foreign exchange bills ) were involved .
as the largest passenger inspection port in the country , the lo wu customs is charged with the task of monitoring more than 25,000 passengers a day , and if it is not strictly controlled , there may be a considerable amount of money outflow every day .
in the face of such a situation , we should always adopt strict supervision and control measures , conduct thorough investigation , and strictly guard against the outflow of money in our country .
at about 0900 on 19 february last year , a middle - aged woman , who was carrying a baggage and flying fast , attracted the attention of the customs officers .
after the baggage was passed , customs officers found that there was a suspicious object inside the baggage , and they opened the box for examination . they found that the three big tied up with a black plastic bag was a total of 3 million hong kong dollars .
this is the largest case in which passengers have overtaken money in the past two years .
in july and august last year , " underground banks " outside the border attempted to take advantage of the summer vacation of the lo wu port to bring in a large number of passengers , and the port was in the process of renovation and the personnel on the spot were crowded with the opportunity to steal a large amount of foreign currencies into the country .
the customs has attached great importance to this , laid stress on the deployment of manpower on the spot , and resolutely cracked down on the smuggling of foreign currencies by " underground banks . "
from 2 july to 1 august , the lo wu customs cracked four cases of " underground money houses " smuggling foreign currencies , worth more than 1.46 million yuan .
tibetan lunar new year delegation visits tibet
xinhua news agency report of january 27 th from lhasa ( by staff reporter abang ciren ) - on the afternoon of the 27 th , the hall of the lhasa hotel was filled with a festive atmosphere . more than 300 people from all walks of life in tibet and from all walks of life attended the spring festival and the tibetan new year celebrations held here by the autonomous region .
at the meeting of the tibet autonomous regional people 's government , legqog , chairman of the tibet autonomous regional people 's government , extended new year greetings to the people of all nationalities throughout the region , to all the builders of the qinghai - tibet railway , to the officers and men of the people 's liberation army , the armed police , and the public security cadres and policemen stationed in tibet , and to the tibetan compatriots abroad .
he said : over the past year , with the cordial concern of the party central committee and the state council , and with the selfless support of the people of all nationalities throughout the country , especially the provinces , municipalities , and key state - owned enterprises , the autonomous regional party committee and government have united and led the people of all nationalities in the region to uphold the guiding ideology of the work in tibet at the beginning of the new century , work in unity , blaze new trails , and maintain the sustained , rapid , and healthy development of the national economy .
tibet has seen a good situation in which the government is in harmony with the people , the economy is developing , society is advancing , the people are united , the situation is stable , and the people live and work in peace and contentment .
he pointed out : the new year is the first year for tibet to comprehensively implement and implement the spirit of the 16th cpc national congress , and is also a crucial year for tibet to promote a leaping development and long - term peace and stability and lay a foundation for building a well - off society in an all - round way .
tibet will comprehensively promote the healthy and coordinated development of socialist material , political , and spiritual civilization in tibet .
at the meeting , the tibet autonomous region song and dance troupe and other units gave a wonderful performance .
pagbalha geleg namgyai , vice chairman of the npc standing committee , attended the meeting .
german association for promoting peaceful reunification celebrates eighth anniversary of president jiang 's eight - point proposal on taiwan
xinhua news agency , berlin , january 27 , the association of overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in germany issued a statement on the 26th to mark the eighth anniversary of president jiang zemin 's important speech entitled " continue to strive for the fulfillment of the great cause of the reunification of the motherland . "
the statement reviewed the course of development of cross - strait relations and many actions taken by overseas compatriots in recent years to " oppose separatism , oppose taiwan independence , and promote the peaceful reunification of the motherland , " and held that compatriots on both sides of the strait have carried out full and effective cooperation .
the statement said : president jiang zemin 's important speech is a solid foundation for the chinese people on both sides of the strait and overseas compatriots to create a benign interaction and cooperation . it has the core of adhering to the one - china principle and also the feelings of the chinese people on both sides of the strait as brothers , and it has the distinct characteristics of the times , and has a strong objective in reality , and has the flexibility , flexibility , and stability for the final solution of the problem .
the statement pointed out that president jiang 's eight - point proposal comprehensively safeguarded and represented the most fundamental interests of the chinese people on both sides of the strait and overseas compatriots .
the statement called on overseas compatriots to make new efforts to promote the reunification of the motherland .
chinese cultural festival opens in ankara
xinhua news agency , ankara , january 28 ( reporter zheng jinfa and huai chengbo ) the " chinese cultural festival " with the theme of " chinese and turkish people celebrating the spring festival of china " opened in the hall of the trade center in ankara , the capital of turkey on the evening of the 28th .
the brilliant performance of the hebei song and dance theatre , such as dance , mime , and so on , has deeply attracted more than 1,500 turkish audiences .
on the evening of the same day , many viewers came to the hall to seize the best seats .
before the performance started , the hall had already been blocked , many viewers had no choice but to stand on the corridor of the hall , and many children had to see the performance of chinese actors through the crack of the curtain .
the dance " donkeys " with hebei 's local characteristics shows the interest of a young couple on their way home by riding a donkey .
from time to time , the turkish audience burst into laughter for the excellent performance of the performers and the humorous features of the program , and waved with warm applause .
when the chinese singing actor zhai fang sang the famous turkish folk songs " mountain " , the whole audience burst into thunderous applause .
after the performance , many turkish viewers rushed to the front stage and took out paper or extended their hands to invite chinese actors to sign their names . some of them even climbed onto the stage to take a group photo with chinese actors to mark the occasion , and some turkish children left tears because they did not have the signatures or pictures of chinese actors .
a turkish girl told xinhua reporters : " i have seen such a beautiful chinese dance for the first time .
i hope that various chinese performing groups will often come to turkey to perform , so that the turkish people will have a better understanding of china 's culture . "
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) mainland tourists gradually become the main buyer of hong kong golden bank
xinhua news agency report of january 29 th from hong kong ( by staff reporter : zhou zhengfa ) - the manager of the administrative department of hong kong 's dafu golden bank , mr ku tong - fa , said that mainland visitors have become the main source of tourists for hong kong 's golden bank .
he said that during the christmas and new year holidays last year , domestic customers accounted for 30 to 40 percent of the total value of gold business , becoming the major consumer of hong kong 's gold industry .
the number of mainland visitors to hong kong increased significantly in early 2002 after the liberalisation of the restrictions on mainland visitors to visit hong kong .
last year , during the chinese new year , the may 1 labor day , the 11 th golden week , and the christmas and new year holidays , mainland tourists brought along hong kong 's retail business , especially the high - grade consumer goods market in hong kong .
relevant departments in hong kong estimate that there will be 600,000 mainland visitors coming to hong kong this year , and many businesses , especially high - grade shops , will focus their attention on how to consolidate and open up the mainland market for tourists .
the company expects its business volume to grow by 5% during the spring festival .
in order to meet the needs of mainland visitors , some companies have started to change their mode of operation and strategies , and many companies have strengthened their training in putonghua , introduced courses from time to time , and enhanced their service attitude and standard .
the old gold companies usually do not offer any discounts , but at present , as long as mainland tourists pay cash , they will enjoy preferential treatment to attract more mainland customers .
( international ) cambodian protesters burn thai embassy in cambodia
xinhua news agency , phnom penh , january 29 ( reporter lei bosong and zhang ruiling ) more than 1,000 cambodian people rushed into the thai embassy in cambodia on the evening of the 29 th to burn thai national flags and vehicles and set fire to the embassy building .
cambodian police are trying to control the situation and have dispatched several fire engines to put out the fire .
at present , the cambodian police are still unable to confirm whether there are any casualties .
the protest started on the morning of the same day in protest against a thai movie star named suwaran , who made a statement entitled " wu gothel belongs to thailand . "
after that , more and more protesters gathered in front of the thai embassy in cambodia to burn the vehicle tires , the thai national flag , and the portrait of the thai female star , and then the protesters dashed into the embassy .
according to another report , suwarnan has already made a statement to reporters in thailand , denying that he had made such remarks as " wu guandan belongs to thailand . "
( international ) france sends military police to reinforce peacekeeping forces in cote d'ivoire
xinhua news agency , paris , january 29 ( reporter wang jingcheng ) french foreign minister de villepin announced at a parliamentary hearing on the 29 th that in order to ensure the implementation of the peace agreement reached by various parties in cote d'ivoire and to strengthen the french peacekeeping force , france recently sent military police reinforcement troops to cote d'ivoire .
de villepin did not disclose the number of reinforcement troops .
however , he said that france has taken all necessary measures to ensure the safety of french nationals in cote d'ivoire .
he said that with the support of the international community , france will undertake the responsibility of supervising the implementation of the peace agreement in cote d'ivoire , and work together with all parties in cote d'ivoire to restore the authority of the country and safeguard its territorial integrity .
de villepin said that the peace agreement reached by various parties in cote d'ivoire in paris on the 24th " is the most reliable guarantee for the realization of peace and national reconciliation in cote d'ivoire . "
in order to promote the implementation of the peace agreement , he has maintained close contacts with kuwaiti president barpo and leaders of other political parties in cote d'ivoire .
he said that the flight from abidjan to paris on the 3 rd had resumed on the 29 th .
( international ) nicaragua holds rally to oppose us war against iraq
xinhua news agency , malawi , january 30 ( reporter yang wenzheng ) several hundred anti - war activists held a protest rally in front of the us embassy in nicaragua on the 30 th to strongly oppose possible us military strikes against iraq .
at the rally , the organizers of the rally , the president of the " nicaraguan association for promoting peace , " yina grelo , delivered a speech condemning the united states for attempting to launch a war of aggression against iraq in order to seize iraq 's oil .
demonstrators from the capital city of malawi and some other cities held various kinds of posters , shouting slogans such as " do not want the us war against iraq and want world peace , " and demanding that the united states immediately stop all kinds of war preparations .
in a letter to the us embassy , the demonstrators said : " let us fight together for the future of world peace , freedom , and prosperity , let us learn to respect other people 's rights , and the iraq issue should be resolved by iraq itself with the assistance of the international community . "
( international ) us personal consumer spending growth slow in 1998
xinhua news agency , washington , january 31 ( reporter wang zhenhua ) a report released by the us department of commerce on the 31 st showed that despite the relatively rapid growth in personal consumption in the united states in december last year , the annual growth rate was only the same as that of the 2001 economic recession .
in the last month of last year , consumer spending rose 0.9 percent , the biggest increase since july last year .
spending on durable goods increased by 6.1 percent , while spending on non - durable goods and services both increased by 0.2 percent .
this is a clear indication that the peak season for consumption in the united states is not brisk .
in the last quarter of last year , consumer spending , which accounted for two - thirds of the gross domestic product ( gdp ) in the united states , increased by only 1 percent , which was clearly lower than the 4.2 percent growth in the third quarter , the smallest increase since the first quarter of 1993 .
economic analysts believe that this is mainly because the united states may launch a war against iraq , the stock market has dropped sharply , and the employment market has been weak . this has also become the most important reason for the us economic slowdown in the fourth quarter .
for the whole of last year , personal consumption in the united states increased by 4.5 percent , the same as that in 2001 .
the report also showed that personal income in the united states increased by 0.4 percent in december last year .
for the whole of last year , personal income in the united states increased by 3 percent , lower than the 3.3 percent increase in 2001 .
the growth in consumer spending is higher than the growth rate of income , and the rate of savings in the united states dropped from 4.5 percent in november to 4.1 percent at the end of the year .
( international ) french troops in cote d'ivoire attacked
xinhua news agency , abidjan , january 31 , french soldiers in cote d'ivoire were attacked by local protesters at the abidjan airport on the 31 st , and about 800 youths in cote d'ivoire threw stones at french soldiers , causing serious injuries to the face of a french soldier .
the situation in cote d'ivoire has escalated since the leaders of the west african countries held talks in senegal on the civil war in cote d'ivoire .
general saito dira , who is widely respected in cote d'ivoire 's political arena , was nominated as the new prime minister at the meeting and will return to china on the 31 st to start the formation of a coalition government .
however , the " young patriot " organization , which supports cote d'ivoire president bambo , is dissatisfied with the rebels ' participation in such important posts as defense and home affairs minister in the future government .
they accused france of forcing barbo to accept the government 's plan to form a cabinet , saying that dira was the " french prime minister , " and threatened that his death was waiting for diarra .
it is reported that although the runway of the abidjan airport has been cleaned up , hundreds of " young patriots " members are still staying in the waiting hall and are preparing to resist the return of delay .
the civil war in cote d'ivoire has been going on for four months and hundreds of people have died in the conflict .
the french foreign ministry today proposed the withdrawal of 16,000 french nationals in cote d'ivoire as soon as possible .
( international ) canadian astronauts will suffer setbacks in space flight plan
xinhua news agency , ottawa , february 3 ( reporter hu guangyao ) according to local media reports on the 3 rd , due to the crash of the us " columbia " space plane , the plan of two canadian astronauts to take off from the us space shuttle in may and november this year will suffer setbacks .
canada 's space agency director and canada 's first astronaut , garcia , said that the us investigation of the " columbia " incident may obstruct the missions set by the international space station , and some plans may be postponed or even cancelled .
canadian astronauts mcmullin and williams were originally scheduled to take off in may and november respectively .
both of them are currently undergoing training in houston .
three astronauts from canada took part in space flight missions by the " columbia " space plane in the 1990s .
garcia also revealed that the space science experiments carried by the " columbia " included two scientific research projects sponsored by canada .
these studies involve the growth of protein crystal , one of which is for the treatment of breast cancer and front - line cancer .
according to another report , after the " columbia " accident , the us space agency immediately shortened a training activity for astronauts in canada .
seven astronauts , who were trained at a military base near quebec , canada last week , returned to the united states after completing their training .
u.s. construction spending up in december
xinhua news agency , washington , february 3 ( reporter he ying ) the us commerce department released a report on the 3 rd , saying that us construction spending in december last year was 1.2 percent higher than in november , and the seasonally adjusted annual rate was 858.3 billion us dollars .
the report said that the seasonally adjusted annual rate of housing construction spending in december was 4.346 billion u.s. dollars , an increase of 2.9 percent over november .
analysts believe that low interest rates are an important factor in the strong growth of housing construction .
at present , the federal reserve has kept short - term interest rates at 1.2 percent , the lowest in 41 years .
however , in contrast with the housing construction , the seasonally adjusted annual rate of u.s. commerce and construction spending in december was 158.6 billion u.s. dollars , down 1.9 percent from the previous month .
analysts believe that there are factors of instability in the future of the us economy , and enterprises are unwilling to invest more in the construction of factories and other facilities .
in addition , the worry about terrorist attacks has also had an adverse impact on commercial construction activities . although bush signed a terrorist insurance bill in november last year , it is not enough to eliminate investors ' worries .
for the whole year of last year , the growth rate of housing construction spending in the united states dropped from 2.7 percent in 2001 to 0.4 percent , the lowest since 1991 .
( international ) un inspectors discover another air chemical warhead in iraq
xinhua news agency , baghdad , february 4 ( reporter wang bo and liang youchang ) - the spokesman of the un weapons inspection group , zhulanhong , said in a news release on the 4 th that the inspectors found another air chemical warhead during an inspection of a suspicious place in iraq on the same day .
the chemical warhead was found by the inspectors at the taj ammunition depot in the northern suburbs of baghdad , he said .
the warhead was labelled and kept in good condition .
he said the warhead was similar to the 12 air chemical warheads found by the inspectors in a military depot in southern iraq on january 16 .
shortly after the inspectors discovered the chemical warheads , the iraqi side announced the discovery of four similar warheads in the taj area and handed them over to the inspectors .
when briefing the security council on the inspection situation on january 27 , the chairman of the un inspection , monitoring , and inspection commission , blix , said that the iraqi government should take the initiative to give an account of these air and chemical warheads in its arms report , and should not be found by the inspectors .
on the same day , inspectors also inspected seven locations near baghdad , including a water purification facility , an agricultural chemical plant , two missile factories , and a center used to develop chemical weapons .
on the 4 th , inspectors in the northern iraqi city of mosul inspected a sugar factory and an entrustment factory .
shanghai police confirm two pilots of french airlines were turkish men
xinhua news agency report of february 10 th from shanghai ( by staff reporter yang jinzhi and yang yong hon ) - through fingerprint comparison , the shanghai police confirmed that the two men who crashed on january 23 from the french airline , the f - 112 , were turkish residents , namely , the 20 - year - old karachi state and the 19 - year - old ou zuman .
at 1058 on the morning of 23 january , the shanghai municipal public security bureau received a " 110 " report , saying that an air crash occurred in the village of the old port town of nanhui district , and two foreign men fell from a plane that was flying from the south to the north to prepare for landing .
after on - the - spot investigation and investigation , the shanghai police quickly made an appraisal and confirmed that the deceased had crashed into the cabin of the flight faff 112 from the air , and this conclusion was confirmed by the french air force .
after that , the shanghai police carried out cooperation and investigation with the french and turkish consulate general in shanghai and the police of the above two countries .
in early february , according to the remains of the two deceased at the scene and the information provided by the turkish police , such as the fingerprints and identity cards of the deceased , the shanghai police , through technical comparison , identified the same fingerprints , and finally confirmed the true identity of the two deceased .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) macao 's budget surplus 13 percent last year
xinhua news agency , macao , february 10 ( reporter li jie ) - according to information from the macao special administrative region ( sar ) government , macao 's fiscal budget for 2002 has been carried out well , with a total surplus of 1.7 billion patched in the whole year , equivalent to 13 percent of the annual budget .
it is reported that macao 's budget for 2002 was originally a deficit budget , with a deficit of 870 million yuan .
after balancing the surplus in 2001 , another 300 million macao dollars is expected to be used to make up for the surplus .
however , in the course of implementing the plan , the sar government has increased revenue and expenditure , and the actual income has increased by about 10 percent over the budget , and the actual expenditure has decreased by 8 percent compared with the budget .
financial secretary ai weili said : the increase in macao 's fiscal budget for 2002 was mainly due to the successful opening up of the gambling and gambling industries , the telecommunications industry , and the recovery of the real estate industry .
statistics show that in 2002 , there was a marked increase in the tax revenue on betting , a big rise in the number of people in the telecommunications industry , and a brisk property market , and the increase in the stamp duty on real estate transfer alone was 30 percent .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) macao passes bill to avoid double taxation
xinhua news agency , macao , february 11 , the legislative council of the macao special administrative region ( sar ) today passed a bill to empower the chief executive of the macao special administrative region ( sar ) to sign an agreement on the avoidance of double taxation .
the so - called " double taxation " refers to the same or similar tax levied by two or more tax jurisdictions on the same taxpayers , the same time and the same duty payable .
the bill is of the view that once there is a double taxation situation in macao , the chief executive of the hksar has the right to take necessary measures to regulate the situation until the signing of an inter - district agreement on the avoidance of double taxation .
members of the legislative council who are responsible for examining the " tax system in the international or inter - district double taxation situation " said that the trend of global economic integration is becoming more and more obvious , and the tax system must keep up as soon as possible , otherwise the flow of funds , commodities , and personnel will be restricted .
macao and other regions need to sign an agreement on avoiding double taxation , which is conducive to attracting foreign investment and also to macao 's foreign investment , and is an important link in promoting economic development .
it is reported that macao and portugal have already reached a double taxation agreement , and the signing of the agreement with the mainland is under discussion , and it is expected that an agreement can be reached in the middle of this year .
( fax from hometown of overseas chinese ) quanzhou becomes " china 's daily necessities production base "
xinhua news agency , fuzhou , february 12 ( reporter wang fanfan ) - quanzhou , a region with relatively rapid development of china 's private economy , has recently become a " china 's daily necessities production base , " and relevant departments recently held a grand ceremony to give a license and celebrate the occasion .
the one who won the title of " china 's daily necessities production base " is a new town in the province , a new town located in the central part of the city of nanan , the hometown of national hero zheng chenggong , and a coastal economic development zone in southern fujian .
founded in 1999 , the town has a total area of 61 square kilometers and has 11 administrative villages with a population of 45,000 , and has more than 20,000 overseas chinese , hong kong , macao , and taiwan compatriots .
at present , the province 's new town has formed a complete industrial chain with daily necessities as the mainstay .
there are more than 70 enterprises with daily necessities in the whole town , with fixed assets reaching more than 300 million yuan , and more than 10,000 people engaged in the production and supply and marketing of daily necessities , with an annual export volume of nearly 200 million yuan .
the main products include various kinds of thin film packaging bags , color bags , payees , food , and other products , as well as women 's health scarves , baby trousers , meal tissue , knitting , and children 's outdoor products , and hundreds of varieties and specifications of products , and are sold in various parts of the country as well as countries and regions such as the united states , canada , europe , and southeast asia .
in 2002 , the output value of the township 's daily - use industry reached 50.4 billion yuan , accounting for 70 percent of the total industrial output value of the whole town , and the amount of industrial and commercial taxes paid was 140.08 million yuan , accounting for 67.1 percent of the total tax revenue of the whole town .
( international ) france puts forward proposals to un security council on strengthening inspection of iraq
xinhua news agency , united nations , february 11 ( reporter guo lijun ) the french permanent mission to the united nations on the 11 th distributed an unofficial proposal to members of the un security council on strengthening the inspection of weapons in iraq .
france suggested that in the near future , the official personnel for the current stage of weapons inspection in iraq should be doubled , and that the number of inspectors should be gradually increased and the number of the inspectors should reach the current three times .
currently , there are about 110 official inspectors in iraq .
france also suggested that through strengthening air reconnaissance or using un security guards to ensure the " freeze " of suspicious locations in iraq , it should use mobile customs inspection teams to step up inspection of iraqi goods entering the country .
at the same time , france proposes to set up a new intelligence agency in new york to coordinate the actions of various countries to provide intelligence to the un monitoring , verification , and inspection commission and the international atomic energy agency .
he called on the two organizations to take the importance of the disarmament task that has not yet been completed in iraq as a sequence .
in iraq , it will arrange a liaison officer responsible for daily communication with the iraqi government .
france distributed its proposals in the form of " non - document . "
during the course of consultations on resolution 1441 , both france and russia expressed their views in this form .
according to the relevant provisions of the security council , the official nature of this " non - document " is weaker than the draft resolution , but it can be upgraded to the draft at any time at the request of the proposed country .
diplomatic sources here said that france 's proposal did not exceed the content of the speech made by its foreign minister de villepin after listening to the us secretary of state colin powell 's intelligence briefing on 5 april . this " non - document " is a summary and training of france 's stand on the issue of inspecting iraq at the request of some un security council members .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) mainland tourists have strong consumption capacity in macao
xinhua news agency , macao , february 14 ( reporter li jie ) in recent years , the number of tourists from the mainland coming to macao has not only increased , but also increased the consumption power .
according to the official statistics released by the macao special administrative region ( sar ) government , foreign tourists spent 4.7 billion patters in macao in the fourth quarter of last year , of which tourists from the mainland accounted for 3.3 billion patters , ranking first among tourists from all walks of life .
since the mainland relaxed its policy on outbound tourism last year , the number of mainland tourists participating in " hong kong and macao tours " and " overseas tours " outside hong kong and macao has increased rapidly .
of the 1.53 million tourists received by macao last year , 4.24 million were from the mainland , and the number of visitors to macao exceeded that of hong kong for the first time in the fourth quarter of last year , making macao the largest source of tourists .
although the average number of tourists in macao is only 28.8 hours , the average consumption per person is 2,560 patters , 64 percent higher than the average number of tourists from all over the country .
the analysis showed that jewellery , watches and clothing accessories were the most popular items purchased by tourists from all over the country , accounting for 27% and 23% of their spending in australia .
in non - shopping consumption , the average amount of consumption per person , including betting , is 837 patters , and the amount of food and accommodation is two major items , accounting for 41 percent and 36 percent respectively .
( international ) study finds early childhood learning barriers overcome
xinhua news agency , washington , february 15 ,
researchers at yale university in the united states recently found that with the growth of age , the obstacles to learning can be overcome .
the study confirmed that the nerve system of children with a weight of less than 1,500 grams is prone to problems , of which as high as 50 percent require special assistant when they go to school .
although many experiments have shown that animals can recover from early brain injuries , there has never been any report on the restoration of early brain injuries .
according to reports by the media here , researchers at yale university have followed and observed 300 early - birth children . they have conducted intellectual tests at the age of three , four and a half , six , and eight . they have found that the majority of people are constantly improving their ability to study with the passage of time .
the test said that early birth , which was classified as an " intellectual barrier " at the age of three , reached a general level in the language understanding and intelligence test five years later .
however , 23 percent of the babies are still suffering serious brain injuries due to mental bleeding , and the situation of intellectual development has never changed .
researchers said that a key factor in the development of early childhood intelligence is the family environment .
children 's intelligence from three families and their mothers who have received higher education have a higher score .
japan 's bell 's investment and development network in shenyang
xinhua news agency report of february 16 th from shenyang ( by staff reporter shi qingwei ) - the japanese bell network company recently signed an agreement with the management committee of the funan new area of shenyang city to establish a joint venture with a plan to invest 3 billion yen in the development of software and hardware for the network telephone in the new area of the southern part of the city .
it is reported that the first - phase construction project of the joint venture will be completed between april 2003 and march 2005 , and by 2005 , the number of staff and workers of the enterprise will reach 3,000 , and will become an important development and production base for the software and hardware of the network telephone in northern china .
relevant experts believe that china 's network telephone technology is still at the stage of development , and that japan 's bell network corporation is at the world 's leading level in this field , and that the project has a relatively good development prospect in china .
founded in 1989 , the japan bell network corporation is a newly emerging internet enterprise in japan . it is mainly engaged in the development , production , and network communications services of computer network software and telephone . last year , it sold a total of 12.4 billion yen .
shenyang city , liaoning province , is the economic center of northeast china .
wang xiangkun , vice mayor of shenyang city , said that the development of the southern part of china is an important it industrial base in northern china , and more and more foreign it enterprises have settled down in the southern part of the country .
( international ) china and chile sign memorandum on measures to implement animal and plant health
xinhua news agency , santiago , february 17 ( reporter hou yaoqi ) china 's state administration of quality supervision , inspection , and quarantine and the chilean ministry of agriculture signed a memorandum here on the " agreement on the implementation of health and plant hygiene measures . "
according to the memorandum , china and chile will formulate the requirements for the inspection and quarantine of imported and exported animals and plants , animal and plant products , and food products in accordance with the rules of the agreement and the standards formulated by the world animal health organization , the " international convention on the protection of plants , " and the food codes committee .
the memorandum stipulates that the two sides should strictly abide by the protocol signed by the two countries or the inspection and quarantine requirements agreed upon by the two countries , carry out inspection and quarantine work on the import and export of animals and plants , animal and plant products , and food , strengthen the efforts to resolve the issue of market access for animals and plants , animal and plant products , and food on a scientific basis , and carry the inspection and quarantine certificate issued by the export side .
the mou was signed by ge zhirong , deputy director of the state administration of quality supervision , inspection , and quarantine , and barrela , acting minister of agriculture of chile .
euro zone sees trade surplus of 102.3 billion euros
xinhua news agency , brussels , february 19 ( reporter feng jian ) the latest statistics released by the european union statistics bureau on the 19 th showed that the euro zone 's foreign trade surplus in 2002 was 102.3 billion euros , more than double that of the previous year , due to a big drop in imports .
the statistics show that the euro zone 's trade surplus in 2001 was 49.5 billion euros .
last year , the trade surplus of the 15 eu countries was 6.1 billion euros .
the report said that the sharp decline in imports was the main reason for the growth of the trade surplus .
according to statistics , compared with 2001 , the total imports of the euro zone and the eu dropped by 4 percent , while exports increased by 1 percent .
in the first 11 months of 2002 , imports from japan and the united states dropped by 12 percent and 11 percent respectively , while exports to japan and switzerland also fell by 6 percent .
among the eu member states , the biggest trade surplus was germany , with a trade surplus of 117.9 billion euros , while the united kingdom was the largest among the eu member states with a trade deficit of 63.6 billion euros .
shanghai , zhejiang and fujian financial cases drop to 13 - year low
xinhua news agency , shanghai , february 20 ( reporter wang hongyang ) the number of financial cases in the two provinces and one city of shanghai , zhejiang , and fujian , which are located at the forefront of china 's financial and trade center and the opening up of financial reform and opening up , decreased by 44.4% compared with the previous year , the amount of money involved in the cases decreased by 22.8% , and the number of cases dropped to the lowest point in 13 years .
according to the latest news from the shanghai branch of the people 's bank of china , in recent years , the financial sector in various localities of shanghai , zhejiang , and fujian has comprehensively improved the system of investigating and handling financial cases and preventing financial cases , effectively checked the trend of the high incidence of financial law and discipline violations , and the good situation of the number of cases , the amount of money involved , and the number of major and serious cases , and the number of crimes committed in the same year .
statistics show that compared with the previous year , the number of financial cases in the two provinces and one municipality decreased by 22.9 percent and 35.4 percent respectively in 1999 and 2000 , the amount of money involved in the cases decreased by 41 percent and 11.2 percent respectively , and the amount of money involved in the cases decreased by 35.4 percent in 2001 .
it has been learned that various localities in shanghai , zhejiang , and fujian have successively established a five - dimensional case prevention system that is suited to the characteristics of the local financial sector , namely , " investigation , handling , education , reform , establishment , and supervision , " and at the same time , they have formed a socialized network for the prevention of financial cases in coordination with the business functional departments , supervision departments , and local judicial organs of various banks , insurance , and securities companies .
( international ) eu stops beef imports from paraguay
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 20 ( reporter shen an ) the european union ( eu ) has decided to suspend the import of beef from paraguay because of the foot - and - mouth disease in paraguay .
the decision was made at a meeting of the european union ( eu ) here today , according to a report from the paraguay media .
in early february , the report submitted by the european commission 's food and veterinary office 's inspection team after its inspection of paraguay held that the measures taken by paraguay to control the foot - and - mouth disease are still not sufficient , and there are " serious problems " in the monitoring and inspection system of the foot - and - mouth disease , and it does not meet the requirements of the eu in terms of health control , professional and technical level , or export license system .
paraguay , the first case of foot - and - mouth disease in october last year , has taken preventive and control measures with the assistance of other member countries of the southern common market .
paraguay exports about 60,000 tons of beef each year , mainly to brazil , chile , and other countries .
these countries have suspended imports of beef from paraguay .
from january to october last year , the eu imported 567 tons of beef from paraguay .
( international ) austrian researchers discover polio cells that cause chronic pain
xinhua news agency , vienna , february 20 ( reporter lin chuan ) researchers at vienna university of austria found a group of nerve cells with lasting memory in human polio , and these cells will be greatly inspired by pain , and this has taken a step forward in looking for the cause of chronic pain .
the chronic patients are extremely sensitive to the pain and eventually have to endure the pain in their daily life .
however , people are almost at all aware of the causes of the disease .
according to a report by the austrian news agency , the research group led by the director of the department of nerve science of the vienna university 's institute of brain science , yu gengen , found that some polio cells did not show any unusual performance under normal conditions and would be excited after being stimulated by pain .
if the pain is strongly stimulated , the reaction will increase .
but what is different from other nerve cells is that this group of polio cells will become too sensitive to pain stimulation , and even if it is only slightly stimulated , it will be greatly affected .
researchers also found that there is a special channel in the polio cells , and when the cells are stimulated , these channels will be opened , calcium plasma will flow into the cells , which will further trigger chain reaction .
the reason why the chronic patients were too sensitive to minor pain was that the nerve cells in the polio had a lasting memory and the " pain mark " was preserved .
he said that this discovery can guide people to look for ways to eliminate this memory .
china 's consumer prices rise in january
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 21 ( reporter liu dongkai ) according to a monthly report released by the state statistics bureau on the 21 st , the overall consumer price level of chinese residents rose 0.4 percent in january over the same month last year , the first increase in the past 12 months against the background of a continuous decline in the same period last year .
the state statistical bureau said that the main reason for the increase in the overall consumer price level was that the spring festival was held at the end of january this year , and that the spring festival of february last year was different from the peak period of the festive season , so there was a certain inestimable factor .
another reason is that this year 's weather is cold compared with last year .
of the 31 provinces , municipalities , and autonomous regions surveyed in china , 22 have seen a rise in the overall consumer price level over the same period last year , and the remaining seven have dropped compared with the same period last year .
statistics show that among various categories of consumer goods , the prices of seasonal consumer goods and services , such as fresh vegetables , fresh fruits , and cultural entertainment , have risen , while the prices of grain , clothing , and durable consumer goods , which have a bearing on the long - term consumption trend , are declining .
the rise in gasoline and diesel prices has pushed up the price of liquefied petroleum gas , which has continued to rise in housing prices .
chinese tv series on middle and primary school education published
xinhua news agency , haikou , february 21 ( zhang chuanxuan and liu wei ) china 's first " lecture on the knowledge of middle and primary school education " was recently broadcast in haikou , which has evoked strong repercussions among teachers and students .
this series of sex education films published by the hainan provincial electronic audio - video publishing house are divided into primary and middle schools and middle schools .
according to different age groups , it has introduced sex knowledge in a gradual and orderly manner , including the youth spring festival , pregnancy , birth , aids protection , and sexual psychology , and has answered questions in the minds of the children with vivid music and painting .
at the first broadcast held at hainan 's zhenfa school , more than 100 people were seriously watching and quiet .
at the beginning , many girls only lowered their heads to read books , refused to raise their heads , and later gradually and frankly watched the pictures .
lai ruixing , president of this middle school , said that the school needs such a sex education teaching material , and it has solved the embarrassment of the teachers in choosing to speak and the students in stealing .
the production of this series of films has also been endorsed by relevant departments .
in november 2002 , the television series " lectures on the knowledge of middle and primary school education " won the 10th china population and culture award presented by the state family planning commission and the china population and culture promotion association .
chinese citizens to travel to malta , egypt
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 22 ( reporter qian chunxian ) the reporter learned on the 22 nd that the first delegation of chinese citizens visiting malta will leave here on march 28 .
chinese tourists can travel across the two continents within 10 days .
at that time , tourists can take off from beijing by plane of the egyptian airlines , and tour cairo for five days before flying to malta .
it is estimated that the entire 10 - day trip will cost about 16,000 yuan .
malta is located in southern europe and is close to italy .
the scenery of the blue sea and blue sky and the warm climate of the central sea have made it a famous tourist attraction in the world .
egypt is one of the four ancient civilizations in the world , and its long history has attracted tourists from all over the world .
malta became the first european country for chinese citizens to travel at their own expense in 2001 , and egypt became africa 's first target country for chinese citizens to travel at their own expense in 2002 .
egyptian airlines officially opened its first direct flight route from cairo to beijing in january this year .
the first delegation was jointly launched by the malta national tourism administration , the egyptian tourism bureau , and the guangzhou international travel agency .
( international ) blix urges iraq to start destroying the " sarmott " missile within a week
xinhua news agency , united nations , february 22 , according to a report by the media here on the 22nd , the chairman of the un monitoring , verification and inspection commission ( monitoring and inspection commission ) , hanks , has issued an ultimatum to iraq , asking iraq to start destroying its " sarmott " missile within a week .
a spokesman for the un monitoring and control council said that blix has issued this ultimatum to the un permanent representative to the united nations , mohammad al - bashir , asking iraq to start destroying the banned weapons before march 1 .
copies of the ultimatum have been submitted to the un security council .
relevant experts believe that this ultimatum has put iraqi president saddam in a dilemma .
the destruction of these missiles will make iraq lose its important weapons to defend against us attacks , and the refusal of the ipcc 's request will enable the united states and britain to have more excuses to take military action against iraq .
in the second report on the inspection of iraqi weapons submitted to the un security council on 14 february , blix and iaea director general elbaradei said that after the appraisal of the un missile experts , the range of the " sam " missile has exceeded 150 km , thus violating the relevant resolutions of the un security council .
( international ) georgian president stressed that he would try to prevent chechen illegal armed forces from entering the panjixi valley
xinhua news agency , moscow , february 24 ( reporter dong longjiang ) - in his speech at the georgian national radio station on the 24 th , georgian president shevardnadze stressed that the primary task of georgia 's powerful departments at present is to prevent and completely stop the chechen illegal armed elements from entering the panjixi valley .
he said : in a special operation launched last autumn by the georgian interior forces , police , security departments , and defense ministry , the foreign armed groups that had sneaked into the pankxi valley have been cleaned up . however , it cannot be ruled out that some illegal armed elements continue to hide in the pankexi valley in the capacity of refugees .
he said that georgia 's strong departments are capable of discovering these illegal armed elements .
at the same time , he also announced that georgia 's powerful departments will continue to carry out a crackdown on illegal armed forces in the pankexi valley in the near future .
in his speech , shevardnadze stressed the importance of cooperation and exchange of intelligence with russia and the united states on this issue .
located in georgia , the panjixixia valley is adjacent to the chechen region of russia .
russia believes that there are a large number of chechen illegal militants hiding in the pankasixia valley and accused georgia of providing asylum to them .
last year , the relations between russia and georgia were once tense due to the issue of the pankexi valley .
( international ) us and british proposals to attack iraq lead to new york stock market falling again
xinhua news agency , new york , february 24 , the three major stock indexes of the new york stock exchange fell sharply on february 24 , setting a new high since january 30 , as the united states and britain insisted on submitting a new military attack on iraq to the un security council .
in addition , the latest report on us retail sales shows that us retail sales in february are not optimistic , and this news has further affected investors ' confidence .
the dow jones industrial average fell 159.87 at 785.24 , and the technology heavy nasdaq composite index fell 26.64 at 1322.38 , and the standard & poor 's 500 index fell 15.59 at 8,332.58 .
the russell 2000 index of smaller companies was down by a big margin on the new york stock exchange , but the russell 2000 index of smaller companies rose 0.43 at 434.59 .
declining issues outnumbered advancers by a 5 - to - 2 margin on the new york stock exchange , with the volume of transactions falling to 1.53 billion shares from 1.71 billion in the previous session .
china 's red cross society raises funds for disaster areas in xinjiang
xinhua news agency , beijing , february 25 ( reporter wu jing ) the china red cross society opened a donation telephone and a donation account on the 25 th , calling on all walks of life at home and abroad to extend assistance to help xinjiang compatriots who were hit by the earthquake on the 24 th .
china red cross donated telephone number : 010 - 6513999 ( 24 - hour duty )
account number : bank of industry and commerce east and south branch of bank of china 000000009144132 - 52
the red cross society of china has urgently allocated 250,000 yuan to the disaster areas in xinjiang after the earthquake on the 24 th , and sent a disaster relief work team to the disaster areas on the 25 th .
on the 24 th , an earthquake measuring 6.8 on the richter scale hit jiashi prefecture in southern xinjiang .
by the early morning of the 25 th , the number of deaths had increased to 261 , with 2,050 seriously injured , and 8,861 families collapsed .
at present , the temperature at night in the disaster areas is about 2 degrees celsius below zero , and the disaster victims urgently need food and warm materials .
( international ) brazil 's national risk index down
xinhua news agency , brasilia , february 27 ( reporter yang limin ) the brazilian national risk index fell 2.37% from the previous day to 1,191 on the 27th .
this is the first time in eight months that the index has dropped below 1,200 points since the financial turmoil broke out in brazil in june last year .
at the same time , brazilian bonds on the international market rose 0.42 percent to 74 percent .
this is also the best record in eight months .
the national risk index is closely related to bond prices , the higher the index , and the lower the bond price .
last year , the national risk index exceeded 2,400 points , and bond prices fell to 48 percent of the face value .
since the new government took office this year , the national risk index in brazil has continued to drop .
recently , foreign investors believe that the price of bonds in brazil is low and the rate of return is high , and the demand for bonds has increased by a large margin , which has accelerated the decline of the national risk index .
however , analysts pointed out that although international investors are optimistic about brazilian bonds at present , if the us - iraq war breaks out , foreign investment will decrease , the national risk index may rise again , and the bond price will drop again .
