bahrain princess married u . s . soldier shocked by death
the king of bahrain , who married johnson , a us marine soldier , has been widely praised by a us television station . however , this tortuous marriage has been going on for five years and has now ended in las vegas , a gambling city in the desert .
as a member of the royal family of bahrain in the gulf country , johnson took the risk of losing his military career , and his marriage was like a fairy tale , and became the theme of a tv movie .
however , according to the las vegas commentary , it took only five years for the two to file a lawsuit against the court , and mei lian filed a divorce , and the place was a gambling city with a faster marriage .
the two met in 1999 when johnson and a professional soldier were stationed in bahrain .
after he came to know this little princess in his prime of life , there was a great change in his life .
because the royal family banned the integration of the two little lovers , she was born in the name of mei lian , and she was allowed to put on her clothes , put on a baseball hat , and gave her a false military document , and secretly brought her out of the motherland and arrived in the united states .
after a hard - working immigration lawsuit with the us authorities , the young couple finally married in the candle light marriage church on the famous las vegas avenue , where the 23 - year - old johnson and the new girl were only 19 years old .
however , johnson said that because of the many temptations in las vegas , which is called " a city of crime , " he has been in a tense relationship with the parents ' home of merlian , a big financial power , and there is a rumor that there is a plot to assassinate him . this tortuous marriage is finally unable to sustain .
johnson said that he had to stop for the guests of the hotel and gambling house , and meili gradually got into the night life of the gambling city , and often went to the night shop and did not keep his husband in the eye .
mei li an abandoned her husband a year ago .
johnson said , " she has reached the end . "
euro zone 's economic indicators this week will show continued weak european economy
economists said that the economic indicators to be released this week in the euro zone will show further evidence of weak economic confidence and slowing down economic output , while british data are expected to show an increase in industrial activities .
they said that the economic output data of the largest euro zone country would continue to show great fluctuations every month , but the long - term trend of economic output would indicate a slowdown in economic growth .
the most important economic indicators for this week will provide evidence of the first economic confidence in europe in december , which is expected to be released on the 7 th in germany .
in november , the ump dropped sharply from 31.3 percent in the previous month to 13.9 percent .
economists said that the sharp appreciation of the euro will continue to have an impact on economic confidence in a recent survey , so there is no reason to expect the economic indicators to rebound .
" taking into account the main factors leading to the decline in economic confidence , including the appreciation of the euro , the uncertainties in the global economy , and the worsening unemployment rate in the german employment market , all have a negative impact on the future growth forecast during the december survey , so it is impossible for the strong rebound in the index . "
according to a survey conducted by afp 's financial news , the index will drop again to 11 in december from 13.9 in the previous month .
however , he said that the projected economic indicators for germany 's economy , in december , might even fall to zero .
" according to our view , the future prospects of germany 's economic activities will continue to decline , as reflected by the survey conducted by the government on analysts and financial market participants , " he said .
tense situation in ukraine to become osce 's agenda
russia has repeatedly accused the west of interfering in east european affairs because the political crisis in ukraine has become a focus of attention , and the annual meeting of ministers of the organization for security and cooperation in europe to be held tomorrow will become a major topic .
western forces have gradually extended into the corner of europe , which was originally regarded by russia as its backyard , such as the baltic sea countries , georgia , and central asia , and russia has long been quite dissatisfied . therefore , when the organization for security and cooperation in europe held a two - day meeting in sofia , capital of bulgaria , the recent incident in ukraine may become an important topic .
the ukrainian supreme court has made a dramatic ruling to order the second round of voting in the recent presidential election . before that , the european union had called on the member states of the organization for security and cooperation in europe to prepare the observers to " take action at the fastest speed and efficiency . "
the number of observers sent by the organization for security and cooperation in europe ( osce ) may increase from 600 to 1,000 in the re - election scheduled for december 26 , european sources said .
us secretary of state colin powell will attend the annual meeting of the organization for security and cooperation in europe ( osce ) , which may be his last visit before leaving office .
russian foreign minister lavrov , french foreign minister barnier , british foreign minister straw , and german foreign minister fischer will also attend the meeting .
members of the organization for security and cooperation in europe , including 55 countries in north america , europe , and asia , will celebrate the 30th anniversary of its founding next year .
the organization was set up in helsinki at that time and has contributed to the end of the cold war .
bush 's major test of intelligence reform bill faces congress vote this week
the us congress , which will go all out to pass the intelligence reform bill this week , is the republican president bush 's ambitious plan for the second term , and his support for republican congressmen is the first time he is facing a major test after he is re - elected .
former republican new jersey governor keane , who was responsible for investigating the september 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks on new york and washington , said in a newspaper interview yesterday that the issue of the intelligence reform bill was to be passed by the congress , and that this alone was a bad sign of future cooperation between the two parties and the president 's domestic policy agenda .
" if the president and the congress fail to handle these major issues well , the congress will become ineffective , and we will have trouble , " keane said .
he told the daily news in new york : " we have been waiting for a long time to have another bill that can win the support of the republican and democratic leaders of the senate and the house of representatives , and 80 percent of the popular support . "
many congressmen said yesterday that if the historic reform bill fails , it will delay the thorough maintenance of the old us spy network system for several months , or even several years , or even completely damage its existence .
" if this bill is not passed this week , it will die in the bud , " said haman , chief democrat member of the house intelligence committee , on cnn yesterday .
the congress will try to pass the " intelligence reform and terrorist prevention and control bill 2004 " again on the 6 th and 7 th , and will be adjourned to early next year .
if the bill is not passed , it will become invalid and will not be redrafted until 2005 .
ukraine 's opposition refuses to give up president 's power to revise constitution
ukraine 's pro - western opposition parties insisted today that they would not accept the constitutional reform that will be carried out before the second round of the presidential election .
the constitutional reform will deprive the majority of the current president 's power .
after the second round of voting by the supreme court was full of flaws , the november 21 election was invalid , and the central election commission ordered the re - election on december 26 , the opposition leader viktor chernomyrdin was in a stalemate again .
" if the constitutional amendment is passed in the current form , all the power of the president will be transferred to the parliament , and this is unacceptable , " said the president 's ally , the president .
she told reporters : " we hope that the president will be able to appoint intelligence bureau chief and chief procurator , so that we can fight corruption and remove the group that controls the political and commercial industries in ukraine . "
kuchema , who has maintained close ties with russia , is pushing for constitutional amendment before the election because he is worried that the opposition may win the presidential election .
the opposition congressmen yesterday refused to vote on the constitutional amendment proposed by the government , and the congress was adjourned for 10 days .
according to the constitutional amendment , apart from the prime minister , the defense minister , and the foreign minister , the power of appointment of all heads of state will be transferred from the president to the parliament , and the forces that support the government now have a close majority of seats in the congress .
according to the content of the amendment , the prime minister , defense minister , and foreign minister appointed by the president must be approved by the congress , and the congress can also put forward their candidates .
ukraine 's political crisis enters third week
ukraine 's opposition leader viktor chernomyrdin today called for the support of the people to continue to protest in the streets , surrounded the presidential palace and the government building , until the soon - to - be - relieved president kujkovic and his cabinet members were removed , and actions were taken to ensure the fairness of the upcoming presidential election .
tens of thousands of supporters have gathered in the capital kiev for two weeks , and they surrounded the government building , sleeping the main road designed by soviet experts for the military parade . the people 's strength they displayed forced the supreme court to announce that the second round of the presidential election on november 21 was invalid . the central election commission has ordered the election to be held on december 26 . the parliament has approved the reform of the parliament , but the government has not yet signed an administrative order to replace the one of his successor .
the prime minister told the supporters who gathered in the capital 's independence square tonight that kuchema should replace his government , reorganize the central election commission , and both the parliament and kuchema should agree to amend the election law to prevent the election fraud .
" before these decisions are made , we cannot talk about lifting the siege of the government building or the presidential palace , " he said in his speech , which started on december 26 .
in the past 14 days , the square has demonstrated its love for ukraine and the citizens ' awareness of millions of ukrainian people who can defend their choice . "
he said : " we are experiencing a struggle between good and evil forces . the whole world is applauded for our victory , and the whole world is proud of ukraine . "
at a time when the opposition parties are stepping up pressure on the ruling authorities supported by moscow , viktor chernomyrdin and kuchema are once again bogged down in a stalemate in constitutional reform , polish president kwasniewski , lithuania 's president yavarov , and russia 's special envoy gelizlov are scheduled to arrive in kiev on the 6 th for another round of mediation .
egypt announces breakthrough in middle east peace process
egypt said that the middle east peace agreement is expected to have a new framework .
it also said that in the near future , it may send new ambassadors back to israel to resume the comprehensive diplomatic relations that have been suspended for four years .
the egyptian state - run middle east news agency quoted " high - level " egyptian sources as saying that the parties seeking a peace plan have gradually reached a consensus on a comprehensive reconciliation .
the middle east news agency said : " egypt , israel , palestine , and important international organizations , such as the united states and the european union , have reached an important understanding and agreed in principle to fully resolve the conflicts between israel and palestine . "
since the death of palestinian strong arafat last month , the international community has continued to promote the restoration of the middle east peace policy , with a view to ending the bloody conflicts between israel and palestine for many years at an early date .
the middle east news agency said that officials predicted that " preparatory work will be carried out in july and then political action will be taken . "
the middle east news agency said that after that , all parties concerned about the middle east peace process , israel and palestine , as well as egypt , the united states , russia , and several european countries will hold a meeting in washington .
it is expected that the meeting will include a " cease - fire between the two sides , " and the palestinian authorities will " stop anti - israeli attacks and strengthen its control over the gaza strip and the west bank . "
regarding this , the middle east news agency said that israeli prime minister sharon promised that " as long as the palestinian authorities respect the cease - fire agreement and control their places , israel will stop military actions against the palestinians . "
more than 1 billion children in the world suffer from war - stricken aids
the united nations children 's fund ( unicef ) today pointed out in its annual report that more than 1 billion children , which account for half of the world 's children , have been trampled on by poverty , war , and aids .
the united nations children 's fund ( unicef ) said that children under the convention on the rights of children in 1989 have the right to health and to be protected by the environment for growth , which is often endangered , because the governments of various countries have failed to implement human rights and economic reforms .
" when half of the children in the world grow up in a hunger and unhealthy environment , when schools become the target of attack , and when the whole village is destroyed by aids , we are unable to honor our commitment to children , " said the chairman of the executive committee of the united nations children 's fund in london .
" the governments of too many countries are making a deliberate choice that will actually harm children , " he added .
the statistics compiled by the united nations children 's fund ( unicef ) , in collaboration with researchers at the london institute of economics and the university of brisbane in the united kingdom , exposed the terrorist situation of children in most parts of the world .
researchers found that about 640 million children in the world were short of proper living places , 400 million children were unable to obtain safe drinking water , 270 million children were unable to enjoy health care services , and 140 million children ( most of them were girls ) had never studied .
researchers pointed out that more seriously , at least 700 million children suffered from various forms of " serious exploitation , " including being unable to get in touch with information and enjoying public health facilities .
the united nations children 's fund ( unicef ) said in its 10 th annual report today that wars and aids have destroyed all kinds of networks that can normally protect children , and children are often directly victims of war and aids .
china puts pressure on eu to lift arms embargo
the european union ( eu ) today rejected chinese premier wen jiabao , hoping to end the pressure on china 's arms embargo as soon as possible , but said it would work to lift the 15 - year embargo .
the eu 's rotating president , the netherlands , made the above remarks after the china - eu summit .
the netherlands said that there is no need for the eu to make improper speculation on how to stop the embargo .
the eu imposed arms embargo on beijing after the 1989 tiananmen massacre .
although the issue of arms embargo has cast a shadow on this china - eu summit , the two sides still signed a number of trade and other agreements at the meeting .
both china and the european union have claimed that these agreements have strengthened their " strategic partnership . "
in a joint statement issued after the summit meeting with chinese premier wen jiabao , the eu said : " the eu side confirms its political will to continue its efforts to lift the embargo . "
the statement pointed out that the chinese delegation " welcomes this positive message and believes that this message is beneficial to the healthy development of the broad strategic partnership between china and the eu . "
at a press conference after the summit , wen jiabao did not hide his unhappiness . he said that the embargo " failed to reflect the partnership between china and the eu . "
wen jiabao said : " this embargo is the result of the cold war , which cannot reflect the current situation , still less reflects the partnership between china and the eu . "
some eu countries , led by france , have pushed for the lifting of the arms embargo , claiming that the ban is outdated .
without revising and strengthening relevant eu laws , people of insight in the eu are worried that the lifting of the embargo may open up the flood prevention gate for arms sales and encourage china 's military strength .
" i explained that the european union is willing to lift the embargo , but i also pointed out that the lifting of the ban is related to the adjustment of the code of conduct for arms exports , " said dutch prime minister basknan .
initial study shows that acid may lead to breast cancer but there is no final conclusion
a latest health research report pointed out that the risk of breast cancer is rising because of the widespread use of vitamin b acid in order to prevent the fetus from deformities .
however , researchers said that their research results might only be accidental because other studies showed that the possibility of breast cancer would actually be reduced , so they called on pregnant women to continue to take this supplement .
acid naturally exists in dark - coloured leaf - type vegetables , and the medical profession is well aware that this is an important boost to the growth of foetus .
the researchers of the two universities in the united kingdom , the university of boulevard and the university of arbo , followed the 3,000 women , who had taken five mg of leaf acid or 0.2 mg of placenta when they were pregnant in the 1960 s , and most of them were the second and third stages of their pregnancy .
the report published in the british medical journal pointed out that as of september 2002 , the percentage of women who had taken five mg of ye acid was only two times that of those who had breast cancer .
one of the researchers stressed that this result is only " preliminary . " the purpose of the study is to point out the road of further study . "
he said : " it is entirely possible that this is a accidental result . therefore , before we reach any conclusion , we must carry out further scientific research to review the affiliated nature . if this kind of relationship exists . "
" women who plan to be pregnant are still advised to use acid to make up for the product , " he said .
he said that there is a considerable gap between the current dosage and the experimental dosage .
according to the british health standards , women who wish to be pregnant and in their first pregnancy should take 0.4 mg of acid per day , which is more than 10 times lower than the dosage taken by women in the above study .
two candidates in ukraine 's presidential election completely different
the two opponents who will meet in the presidential election in ukraine on the 26 th of this month are now ready to make a decision at a higher level .
the pro - western opposition leader viktor chernomyrdin is confident in winning the election , while the current pro - moscow prime minister yjinkovic said he will no longer represent the " shameful " ruling party to run for the election .
at the same time , russian president putin changed his attitude toward ukraine 's accession to the european union , saying he was pleased with ukraine 's entry into the european union .
when asked about his hope to win more than 20 percent of the votes in the re - election , viktor chernomyrdin told reporters at the press conference venue that " in conservative terms , i should get about 60 percent of the votes . "
on the other hand , it can be seen from the appearance that the jkovic , who is anxious and uneasy , has been able to avoid directly answering reporters ' questions on several occasions . in the end , he only said : " we will win if we are in the spirit of the emperor . "
yjinkovic , who had been nurtured by the current president kuchema as his successor , has now changed his course and defined himself as a candidate who opposes the opposition party and the ruling party .
he said in a way close to the direct name : " in the past , i trust those cosmos and scum who worked under the government , but now i am very disappointed , and this government is really ashamed . "
kuchema and the opposition parties exchanged conditions to transfer some of the president 's power to the parliament through the amendment of the law to end the two - week - long large - scale opposition and political chaos since the november 21 presidential election .
the former victory was also declared invalid by the supreme court on the grounds that the election process was running rampant , and the election must be re - elected .
powell 's last visit to the hague to try his best to maintain harmony between europe and the united states
us secretary of state colin powell held talks with high - level eu officials today , and for the last time in his term of office , he devoted his efforts to the unity between the united states and europe .
powell 's visit to europe is aimed at repairing the diplomatic damage caused by the iraq war to both sides , and the hague is the last stop of his visit .
powell 's visit may be his last official overseas visit during his term of office , and the eu promised to him that the eu will move toward the path of easing tension between the two sides before us president bush visits europe in february next year .
however , differences between the two sides still exist .
" we must strengthen bilateral dialogue during president bush 's second term of office and find a common position , " said the foreign minister of the netherlands , the rotating eu presidency .
the european commissioner for foreign affairs , ms. hua dena , said that she believed that europe and the united states had made some progress in " putting the iraq crisis in the face of difficulties , " but she also realized that the present is " a crucial moment in european - us relations . "
bush will fly to brussels on february 22 next year to meet with leaders of the european union and nato .
powell said that bush 's visit was aimed at repairing the cracks in relations caused by the iraq factor .
powell has visited sofia and brussels during his trip to europe , but the progress of improving relations is limited .
in particular , in brussels , powell criticized six nato countries that were opposed to the war for refusing to take part in the training mission in iraq , which has damaged the " reputation and unity " of the allies .
however , powell still insisted that his meeting had demonstrated the commitment of the united states to fully restore diplomatic relations .
president - elect of romania faces challenges
romania 's opposition party candidate , baffarin , won a fierce competition for the presidential election today , but the middle - of - the - road mayor of bucharest , when forming a new government , is likely to face a huge challenge due to a large number of political parties in the parliament .
according to the final official results announced by the romanian central election commission today , the candidate of the " justice and truth alliance , " bastase , won 51.23 percent of the votes , and his opponent and prime minister nastase got 48.77 percent of the votes .
nastasias admitted his defeat and congratulated bados on his defeat .
outgoing president izuros has also extended his congratulations to bados .
nastase said that his social democratic party will help the country to smoothly join the european union .
the social democratic party won the parliamentary election on the 28 th of last month .
" today , my top priority is to form as soon as possible a government that is capable of continuing to implement romania 's accession to the european union , " he said at a press conference . romania must work hard to meet the demands of joining the european union .
he stressed that the romanian people should know what price will be paid for the integration , and that the whole country should be united to ensure that there is no question of the integration .
romania has completed eu membership negotiations and is scheduled to join the european union in january 2007 .
badawi also listed the fight against poverty , corruption and the guarantee of judicial independence as his administrative task .
the old trouble has not been settled , oily ferguson said to turkey
the director of the film , o'leary , today took advantage of the opportunity to promote the new film " alexander " in istanbul in an attempt to rebuild the old and good with turkey .
the classic film " midnight express " written by him was criticized as damaging turkey 's image .
in an exclusive interview here , he told afp : " i have never thought that the script will be hostile to turkey . the script is to oppose unfair behavior in various places . "
turkey 's public opinion has been condemned by stone since the first show of this award - winning project in 1978 .
the film is adapted from the memory of beili hoi .
us youth hafez was sentenced to 30 years ' imprisonment in turkey after a long legal lawsuit after trying to smuggle indian marijuana from turkey .
turkey 's attack hitter accused sdong of arbitrarily changing the original version of haas into a script with the meaning of racial discrimination , and every turkish figure is described as a bad egg in the drama .
there are also terrible scenes of prison violence and abuse in the film .
shi dong admitted , " perhaps because of the young people at that time , and because they were too eager to express their views , they had some fanaticism and anger . "
however , he added : " hafs has indeed been raped by a chicken in a turkish prison , and he has been sentenced to 30 years ' imprisonment for relatively minor crimes , and has also been subjected to cruel treatment in the prison . therefore , everything is based on facts . "
" from a big point of view , turkey is not the only country with imperfect prison systems , and the united states also has similar problems , " he said .
japan 's economic growth may slow down next year
as the appreciation of the japanese yen and the widening gap between the rich and the poor may undermine the harmonious atmosphere enjoyed in the first half of this year , the japanese economy may slow down and enter 2005 .
after 10 years of stagnation , high profits and strong consumer spending have enabled japan to regain confidence this year , but analysts have pointed their support for economic growth to china , despite the increasing political tension between japan and china .
the evidence has gradually shown that the japanese economy is likely to fall in a short period of time in early 2005 , especially if industrial production continues to decline , while manufacturers have adjusted their stocks to avoid overstock .
according to the new statistical method recently adopted , the japanese economy in the april - june quarter actually declined slightly , with a growth of only 0.1 percent in the july - september quarter , which has just avoided the technical recession .
at present , economists still hold very different views on the strength of japan 's economic rebound .
researchers from the bank of france estimated that japan 's real economic growth rate could reach 2.3 percent in the current fiscal year ending march next year and the next fiscal year .
they claimed that 2005 is the " recovery year " , and the reason is that the us economy has returned to the track of recovery steadily , and the japanese consumer spending has made up for the slowdown in exports .
another relatively pessimistic view is that the growth rate for the current fiscal year is only 1.8 percent , and the growth rate for the next fiscal year is even lower to 0.6 percent .
they quoted " potential risks " as saying that the profits of the manufacturers did not lead to an increase in personal income .
french fm : progress in middle east peace to test french - us relations
french foreign minister barnier said after meeting with us secretary of state powell today that the resumption of the middle east peace talks will " test " their relations across the atlantic ocean .
after the death of palestinian leader arafat , france called for holding an international symposium to promote the israeli - palestinian peace process , but there was no sign of reaching an agreement at the end of the meeting between barnier and powell .
barnier flew from paris to washington to attend a european union summit in brussels after a lightning meeting with powell and his designated national security adviser rice .
both paris and washington agreed to repair the tense relations between the two countries after the united states entered iraq last year , but the differences between the two countries in resolving the middle east deadlock remain obvious .
after a brief meeting between the us state department and powell , barnier said : " we hope to improve the future relations between france and the united states , as well as between europe and america . "
he said : " i think the test of the core relationship lies in our ability to promote the peace process between palestine and israel . "
barnier earlier this week called for an international middle east seminar at an early date to take advantage of the " opportunity window " he said after arafat died last month .
however , powell is still unwilling to make a commitment .
he said that the two talked about britain 's plan to hold a meeting attended by palestinians , but they did not mention whether to hold a more extensive international conference .
us officials have made it clear that their primary task is to promote peace in israel and palestine and ensure the smooth progress of the palestinian election next month .
the election will produce a leader who can control islamic militants and resume israel - palestine talks .
nobutaka kawaguchi proposes talks between japan and south korea next january
japan and south korea will start negotiations on the signing of a free trade agreement ( fta ) in january next year , japanese foreign minister nobutaka machimura said monday .
in a meeting with south korean minister of foreign affairs and trade ban ki - moon in the south of the island , nobutaka machimura said that both tokyo and seoul hoped to sign a free trade agreement by the end of 2005 , the two sides should resume negotiations as soon as possible .
prior to the talks with ban ki - moon , japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi and south korean president roh moo - hyun held a summit on the 17 th , during which roh moo - hyun urged tokyo authorities to be cautious on the issue of imposing economic sanctions on north korea .
north korea kidnapped a number of japanese citizens during the cold war , and prime minister koizumi is facing enormous pressure from the public to punish north korea .
after japanese researchers concluded last week that the remains provided by pyongyang authorities to prove that the two hostages had died were not the remains of the victims , they were very angry .
apart from the kidnapping issue , koizumi and roh moo - hyun agreed that the six - party talks aimed at preventing north korea from developing nuclear weapons should resume as soon as possible .
since north korea 's secret development of nuclear weapons triggered a confrontation in october 2002 , no concrete results have been achieved in the previous three rounds of six - party talks .
north korea later resisted the fourth round of six - party talks originally scheduled for september this year .
the six - party talks are south korea , north korea , the united states , china , japan and russia .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra still expected to win february elections
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra is confident that he will be able to win the second four - year term in 2005 , but his reputation has been damaged because he has not been able to quell the bloody rebellion of the separatists .
thailand 's national general election is scheduled to be held on february 6 next year , and thaksin and his political rival are actively preparing for the election . most analysts believe that despite the serious violent clashes and bird flu outbreak in the southern part of the year , he is expected to win .
a total of 12 people in thailand died of avian flu this year , and the bird flu epidemic has swept across most parts of asia . however , in thailand , it is particularly serious . the thai government admitted that it was " wrong " in handling the epidemic .
however , the health problem is not likely to allow thaksin to remain in office , but on the contrary , many people are only asking what extent he will win , and what is the significance of his election to the muslim rebellion in the southern province ?
" the phenomenon here is that no matter how you look at dassin , he is now enjoying popular support . "
he said : " however , the situation will start to collapse next year . if you look at the accumulation of wealth ( his family and people around him ) , as well as the unfair and violent situation in society . "
it was precisely because of social unfairness and violence that turmoil broke out in the areas where the muslim majority in the southern part of thailand , and since the beginning of the month , isolated rebellion has occurred continuously .
since january this year , the islamic militants have regarded buddhism , government officials , and security forces as targets in the gunbattle , and they have also carried out bomb attacks and attacks . so far , more than 560 people have been killed and 100 others have been missing .
palestinian cabinet secretary says arafat poisoned about a year ago
the late palestinian leader arafat 's cabinet secretary abu delman disclosed that arafat was poisoned by people when he received a delegation of supporters at the headquarters in ramallah a year ago .
" about a year ago , a strange thing happened to arafat , which was on september 25 , 2003 , " abu dhabi told the al - qaeda daily .
at that time , the chairman shook hands with about 30 support representatives one by one , and after that , the chairman had a vomiting phenomenon .
since then , the president 's health has gradually worsened . "
arafat died of unknown disease at the french hospital on november 11 .
some high - level palestinian officials believe that arafat is being poisoned by people .
however , doctors in france said that the allegation was groundless .
two weeks ago , israeli prime minister sharon 's cabinet made a decision to drive arafat out of office , but did not say what means to use .
israel 's threat has triggered a wave of support from the world for arafat , and arafat has met with several groups of supporters .
abu delman recalled , " arafat shook hands with these people , and they came to express their support to arafat , who was besieged by israel . "
on 25 september last year , arafat met with two groups , one from the world and the other from the group of free cyclists who advocate peace , and the other from the political movement .
abu delman pointed out : " october 12 this year is the last illness of arafat , with the same symptoms . all of them are vomiting , lack of appetite , and all the symptoms of a flu - like illness . "
bush admits training of iraqi troops needs to be strengthened , rumsfeld
us president bush admitted today that the iraqi troops have not been well prepared to replace the us military and warned that the general election scheduled to be held on january 30 next year will not be the end of a serious riot in iraq .
at a one - hour press conference , bush also expressed his support for secretary of defense rumsfeld and firmly believed that the pentagon chief " is good at doing his job . "
bush said that although there was a serious quarrel sometimes , he vowed to continue to cooperate with russian president putin and said it was time to move toward the end of the middle east conflict .
he also believes that the best way to deal with the issue of iraq and north korea , which are members of the " axis of evil , " is to resolve the issue through multi - national diplomacy .
yesterday , after a series of car bomb attacks occurred in the two major shiite holy cities of najaf and karbala , killing 66 people and injuring more than 200 , bush admitted that the riot had caused the iraqi people to pay a price , but he insisted that the january general election would be held as usual .
bush issued a warning to the american people that the election in iraq was " only the beginning of the political process , " and warned that " of course i would not think the process would be smooth . "
bush also admitted that the training results of iraqi security forces were good or bad .
he said , " when a fierce battle breaks out , they ( iraqi troops ) will escape from the battlefield . "
he said that this kind of iraqi troops will never be able to protect national security , which is unacceptable .
however , he believes that after long - term training of the us military , the training of the iraqi troops will yield results .
white house : iraqi rebels attempt to disrupt election doomed to failure
in view of a us military base restaurant in the northern iraqi city of mosul , which was attacked by rebels at noon today , killing 22 us soldiers and iraqi troops and injuring more than 60 , white house spokesman mcclellan said that with the pressing advance of the iraqi election , the terrorist activities of the iraqi rebels will become even more rampant , but these " free enemies " will surely be eliminated .
reports from iraq pointed out that a huge explosion occurred at the us base restaurant at noon , and the officers and men were eating meals , causing heavy casualties .
the iraqi interim government is scheduled to hold its first election on january 30 since the hussein regime came to power .
the united states has dispatched nearly 20,000 troops to protect the security of the iraqi election .
during the election , the total number of us troops stationed in iraq will reach 150,000 .
mcclellan said that as the election is approaching , the rebels who support saddam hussein will create more terrorist attacks in an attempt to disrupt the transitional government . they want to return to the past , but " they will be eliminated and they are being eliminated . "
with regard to the latest opinion poll , 56 percent of the american people believe that the iraq war is " not worth a war , " 57 percent do not agree with president bush 's method of handling the situation in iraq , 52 percent believe that defense secretary rumsfeld should step down , and mcclellan said that president bush will not dance with the poll .
" the public opinion poll is a one - time figure , and we continue to work on the basis of the progress made in iraq . "
philippine political figure poe takes part in funeral , people sad in funeral
a large number of fans in the philippines took part in the funeral of the country 's most famous movie star poe today , and the ceremony was held under tight security measures due to fears of violence .
poe , 65 , was defeated in the presidential election .
escorted by a group of people , the coffins loaded with poe 's remains were transported by two pieces of white horses flawless , and passed through the streets of the capital of manila .
a large number of riot police were deployed around the southern palace of malawi to prevent the riot in support of poe .
these people accused president arroyo of practicing irregularities in the may 10 presidential election .
the army is also on the alert because intelligence has pointed out that a coup will soon take place to overthrow arroyo and replace poe 's wife rosetia .
however , at the peaceful end of the funeral , the fans shouted the initials of poe 's name , a letter to j , and waved the campaign posters he had used .
poe died of a stroke on december 14 .
when the meandering line of coffin was moving toward the cemetery , the crying women and children threw flowers on the casket .
as the minister of justice warned that some people might take advantage of the funeral to provoke the incident , a large - scale ship container was used as a roadblocks with the marinnan palace near the funeral route .
gong sares said that there had been a " reliable intelligence report " pointing out that some people had attempted to use the opportunity of the funeral and burial to incite the public to oppose the government .
however , lieutenant colonel baskhua , spokesman of the armed forces , said that after the military deployed troops to guard important areas , the coup plot has apparently disappeared .
arroyo later walked out of the malawi southern palace to extend her regards to the security forces and police .
armitage warned syria to cooperate with the united states on the iraq issue
us deputy secretary of state armitage warned syria today that the future development of relations between damascus and washington depends on whether syria is willing to cooperate with the united states on the iraq and lebanon issues .
armitage once again put greater pressure on syria in an interview with reporters from arab countries .
the state council earlier announced the contents of the interview .
asked if it is expected that us - syrian relations will continue to be tense , armitage replied : " i naturally hope that the relations will improve , but this will depend on what the ( syrian president ) and the gang will do . "
the number two figure of the us state department pointed out that damascus should implement the un security council resolution no. 155 passed in september this year and stop all intervention actions against neighboring lebanon at an early date .
armitage said that syria 's act was " not to get along with the united states , but to sing a different tune with the entire international community . "
when the un security council discusses the question of whether the un peacekeeping force will continue to stay in lebanon in january next year , will the united states hand over the issue of syria 's refusal to cooperate ? armitage 's reply was : " we are very likely to do so . "
on the iraq issue , armitage admitted that damascus has indeed taken some actions that meet us expectations , such as strengthening border patrols with iraq and blocking the source of rebel funds .
however , he also pointed out that syria " still needs to make greater efforts . "
ibm and nortel sign land lease for internal hu new building
the united states ' taiwan affairs association today signed an agreement with the north american coordination committee on the use of the new building , and paal , director of the taipei office of the us association in taiwan , said that the new building is being designed to complete at an early date and to handle business in a safe and modern environment .
douglas paal and chen chung , secretary general of the north american affairs coordination committee , signed a 99 - year land lease at the taipei junyue hotel at noon to serve as a land for the new office building of the us association in taiwan .
the witness was the deputy director of the taipei office of the us association in taiwan , mr ge tianhao , deputy secretary general of the north american affairs coordination committee , liu shanshan , and foreign minister chen tangshan also attended the ceremony .
the us association in taiwan was set up in accordance with the taiwan relations act to handle the unofficial relations between the united states and the taiwan people and set up offices in taipei and kaohsiung .
douglas paal said in his speech that the us association in taiwan started to cooperate with the north american affairs coordination committee and the taipei city government at least 10 years ago to find a piece of land to build a new office building of the us association in taiwan .
he said : at present , there is no room for the office on xinyi road to look at the old .
as far as the us association in taiwan is concerned , moving to a new office building will be a challenge , and the us association in taiwan will be able to concentrate its offices scattered in various parts of taipei and handle business in a safe and modern environment .
he said that the new building is planning and designing , and hopes to become a building that will add color to taiwan , as well as the pride of taipei residents .
after the planning and design is completed , the construction contracts will be invited to tender , and the construction of the construction sites will start after the decision is made by the construction developers , and it is hoped that the construction works will start in the next few years .
a spokesman for the us association for taiwan affairs said that the entire building , which includes land rent , construction design , and other expenses , is estimated to be about $ 160 - million . whether or not it will be completed in 2008 will have to be judged by many factors , and it is hoped that the sooner the better .
thousands of followers go to bethlehem to take part in green night mass
several thousand followers are gathering in bethlehem , the west bank of the jordan river , to take part in the green night mass .
at the same time , fatah , the mainstream faction of the palestinian liberation organization , seems to be able to defeat hamas in the palestinian local election held yesterday .
in the violent clashes , a gunbattle broke out between israeli troops and palestinian gunmen in gaza , killing three young palestinian people .
the israeli and israeli people blocked a main road to protest against the mortars attack on the settlement .
palestinian liberation organization leader abbas was also allowed to go to the west bank town of bethlehem , which is the first time in four years that israeli authorities have allowed important palestinian leaders to attend the christmas celebrations .
after the late palestinian leader arafat returned to the palestinian region in 1994 , he was often a guest of the midnight mass in bethlehem . however , since early december 2001 , arafat has been surrounded by israeli troops in the headquarters of arafat in ramallah .
jerusalem , sept . 1 , 2007 ( afp ) the palestinian leader started a traditional visit to the mahmud square in bethlehem at noon today , with thousands of christian followers and the muslims gathering in the mahmud square .
saad is scheduled to deliver a speech to several thousand followers in the midnight mass of the main church .
before noon , the marrow square was full of followers holding a jetta , and they continued to shuttle in and out of the main basilica . there were all kinds of lights and various kinds of jewelry on the top of the basilica .
the israeli authorities have particularly relaxed travel restrictions to facilitate christians from the gaza strip , the west bank , and israel to go to bethlehem to take part in the green night mass .
putin says acquisition of yukos assets aimed at protecting national interests
russian president vladimir putin said today that russia 's acquisition of the main assets of the russian oil giant yukos was aimed at protecting its national interests and was the first re - nationalized operation in the later soviet era .
speaking at a year - end press conference in the kremlin , putin said that " russia is now using an absolute legal market mechanism to protect its national interests . "
i think this is completely normal . "
russian state - owned oil companies today became the new east of the company after purchasing the bekal financial group of the company , which had previously been listed in the secret auction .
the russian state - owned oil company suddenly announced early last night that it had obtained 100 percent of the shares of the unknown bekal financial group .
the acquisition has enabled the kremlin to firmly control russia 's important energy industry .
in the past 18 months , russian authorities have been attacking yukos and its founder , hundreds of millions of billionaire khodorkovsky .
russia 's state - owned oil companies are merging with russia 's state - owned gas companies , and the company will control one - fifth of russia 's total oil production and all natural gas production and become the world 's largest energy group at one stroke .
putin defended the state 's current acquisition by attacking the privatization black box operation in the 1990 s .
the privatization measures at that time made the most valuable assets of the russian economy fall into the hands of a small number of beautiful and beautiful businessmen , such as khodorkovsky .
berkal financial group earlier offered a price of 9.35 billion us dollars to buy the controlling power of the yukos oil and gas company .
viktor chernomyrdin announces victory in ukraine 's presidential election
due to the preliminary election results , opposition leader viktor chernomyrdin , who led the rival in the presidential election , and the incumbent prime minister yjinkovic , who himself also announced his victory in the presidential election , met again today in the independent square in the center of kiev to celebrate the victory .
" this is the only clean political victory , " the 50 - year - old yukos told the crowd who gathered in the square .
he said : " this is a victory of high value , and the people have demonstrated their strength . the ukrainian people have bravely stood up to confront the most violent regime in eastern european countries . today , this country and people of ukraine have won the victory . "
he said : " over the past 14 years , we have been independent , but we have no freedom . "
" today ukraine has started a new political era .
( the soon - to - be - relieved president ) kuchema , ( the former prime minister of kucheek ) , and ( the current prime minister ) yjinkovic have entered history . "
the ukrainian central election commission today quoted more than half of the vote count results as saying that opposition leader viktor chernomyrdin was temporarily ahead of his opponent in the historic presidential election , the incumbent prime minister yuskovic , 16 percentage points .
the ukrainian central committee said that the pro - western viktor chernomyrdin won 56.33 percent of the votes , and the pro - russian yunkovic won 39.86 percent of the votes .
the result was the result of the country 's 50.96 percent vote count .
more than 33,000 ballots have been counted in ukraine .
in addition , according to an earlier release of exit polls , yukos is leading adunkovic by 15 to 20 percentage points .
japan 's ministry of justice to try out e - mail service to reduce pressure on office life
the japanese ministry of general affairs today started to promote an advanced internet program . it is hoped that by 2010 , 20 percent of the japanese workforce will be able to carry out " electronic communications " work from home and reduce the pressure brought about by office life and the problem of family breakdown .
at present , there are about 4 million japanese , or six percent of the 63.2 million workforce in japan , using science and technology to work outside the office , a ministry official said .
starting from january , the ministry of justice will have six staff members who will not need to enter the office for at least one day , and can work at home , university , or library through high - speed internet services .
the ministry of justice will then look at the situation and expand the scope of this advanced plan until all 2,500 staff members of the ministry of justice can work at home by 2006 .
the official of the general ministry of justice said that the plan , which enables employees to meet through the internet chat room and the electronic video conference , hopes to " increase the efficiency of the job site . "
he said that e - mail would allow more time for workers to get along with their families and help those who are in need of family help .
he said that the scheme would also reduce the traffic congestion rate , including the emission level of vehicles and the over - crowded problem of trams at peak hours .
he said that the goal of this plan is to " increase the percentage of japanese electronics workers to 10 percent by 2005 by encouraging the sharing of electronic communications technology with private enterprises , and further increase to 20 percent by 2010 . "
pentagon launches unprecedented rescue operation for tsunami victims in asia
the pentagon said today that the pentagon has launched its largest rescue operation in its history to help the tsunami victims in asia , including the mobilization of 20 aircraft carriers , including reconnaissance and supply planes , and tens of thousands of people .
a spokesman for the pentagon and the navy 's junior university , heks , said that after the tsunami disaster that killed more than 80,000 people on the 26th , the us military is facing the challenge of simultaneously launching operations in several areas .
" this is one of the largest humanitarian rescue operations in the pentagon 's history , " he told afp .
lieutenant general kang wei , a military action officer in charge of the joint chiefs of staff , said that they are seeking to assess the scale of the disaster and have sent disaster relief teams to thailand , sri lanka and indonesia .
the pentagon said that the pentagon has sent 20 planes to south asia , including six c - 130 transport planes carrying drinking water and food , five kac - 135 air refueling planes , and nine p3 reconnaissance planes .
the pentagon also mobilized the aircraft carrier " lin kenya " and " li cha " and their ships .
kang wei said that the " linkka " battle group and its 12 helicopters and 9,000 personnel have been sent from hong kong to siem reap bay and will eventually be deployed in the sea off sorenia .
the " li cha " , carrying 25 helicopters , 2,100 marines and 1,400 sailors , has left guam and is expected to arrive in the bay of bengal by january 7 next year .
the pentagon has decided to mobilize five more vessels from guam and two vessels capable of producing fresh water from the base in diego garcia in the indian ocean .
the rescue operation will be directed by a thai military base in the gulf of siem reap , he said .
at least 169 killed , 375 injured in fire in argentine capital night club
at least 169 people were killed and 375 injured in a fire at a night club in the center of buenos aires , a government official in the capital of buenos aires said today .
at the time of the fire , the night club was packed with about 2,000 young people celebrating the end of the school year .
the number of casualties was not the final figure , said the director of the health department of the city government , mr frank shi .
" this is a disaster , and it is a disaster , " said argentine interior minister felipe perez roque , outside the mutiny night club . he also warned that the death toll is only a temporary figure .
at least 375 people , including 18 police officers , were injured in the flames , he said .
he said that the disco , located in the center of the city , had lost fire before midnight on the 30 th , when about 2,000 young people took part in the rock and roll concert .
buenos aires mayor yibala said that there was no confirmed report that fireworks had caused the fire during the concert .
bala told today 's news tv station , " this is a terrorist night . "
the bodies of the victims were discharged from the streets when firefighters tried their best to put out the fire .
in the early morning of this morning , the fire - stricken disco was in a state of chaos , and hundreds of police and firefighters were mixed with the scared young people and the anxious parents who were looking for the whereabouts of their children .
relief materials to be sent to aceh victims in weeks : un
the united nations said today that the urgent need for disaster relief supplies will be transported to the hands of tsunami victims in the isolated areas of aceh province after " several weeks . "
us navy helicopters flew to banda aceh , the capital of aceh province , today , and more and more field hospitals are operating in the city , and a large number of relief supplies are also arriving at the airport .
however , the head of the un office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs in indonesia , aimquster , told reporters that since there are many problems in coordination and infrastructure , it is impossible for relief supplies to be delivered quickly .
after the return of banda aceh to the capital of jakarta , ahmar told reporters by phone , " we need a few weeks to send relief products to all isolated areas . "
he said : " this is an issue of concern . we are trying our best to do everything possible to establish a material distribution system in greater aceh . "
the united nations and other relief organizations have warned that residents in indonesia 's sumatra disaster area may die within a few days if they do not immediately have clean water and food supply and medical treatment .
when asked whether the delay in transportation is no different from the death sentence for some tsunami victims , aimquell said : " i hope that no , i hope that the disaster victims can try to obtain food and drinking water , but this is obviously not what we are happy to see . "
he said : " this is a very serious situation . we can only hope that we can speed up our action . "
japan offers 500 million u.s. dollars in disaster relief
japan today promised to provide 500 million us dollars in aid to countries affected by the indian ocean tsunami , and at a time when all countries are vying to help the victims of the world 's most serious disaster , japan 's aid has risen to the top of all countries , and has also increased the total amount of disaster relief and reconstruction funds promised by the international community to 1.6 billion us dollars .
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said in a statement that japan , as the largest economy in asia , will consider providing more aid , including money and technology .
he said : " japan will do its best to provide assistance in three aspects : financial resources , knowledge technology , and human resources . "
he said : " japan will temporarily give a donation of 500 million us dollars to disaster - stricken countries and relevant international organizations as emergency aid to cope with the disaster . "
koizumi also said that he would attend a meeting of world leaders to be held in the indonesian capital of jakarta on the 6 th to discuss the issue of aid to countries affected by the tsunamis .
after us president bush was criticized for being slow in response to this great human catastrophe , the us government yesterday increased its promised aid by 10 times to $ 350 million .
china , which has been considered to be more and more interested in challenging japan 's influence in asia , has also promised to provide 60.5 million us dollars in aid , a large number for developing countries .
" japan will mobilize helicopters and personnel from the fire services department to make more contributions , " koizumi said .
japan will also consider making more efforts as soon as possible , including the use of aircraft , warships , and personnel of the japanese self-defense force . "
japan originally promised to provide 30 million us dollars in aid to countries affected by the tsunamis .
a foreign ministry spokesman said that koizumi 's 500 million us dollars also included the 30 million us dollars .
who : 50 groups to provide medical aid to indonesia
the world health organization ( who ) said today that 50 aid groups have arrived in aceh province to provide medical assistance to survivors of the tsunamis .
the world health organization ( who ) is trying to coordinate all organizations and has held a meeting with them this afternoon .
he said that the coordination work is very difficult because many groups have been directly involved in the disaster relief work in aceh .
" we are trying to find out what is going on . every group has just arrived , but every group also indicated that they are very willing to cooperate , " he said in a telephone interview in jakarta .
he reiterated that the world health organization 's main concern is to prevent the outbreak of infectious diseases such as cholera and dysentery , which may cause tens of thousands of deaths .
" we are very worried that many of us are homeless , and they do not have adequate clean drinking water or appropriate food , " he said .
therefore , the conditions for the outbreak of infectious diseases are already in place . "
however , he stressed that there is no sign of the disease so far .
the indonesian ministry of health said that the death toll in the tsunamis might be as high as 100,000 people , most of whom were in aceh province .
since most of the medical facilities in aceh province have been destroyed , in the past week , the indonesian military and the government of singapore and australia have set up at least eight field hospitals , and the un children 's fund has also started to send basic medical bags to help 200,000 children .
powell expects shiite to win in iraq election
us secretary of state colin powell predicted today that the shiite will win in the upcoming general election in iraq , but he also believes that there is no need to worry too much about the possibility that the shiite victory may increase iran 's influence in iraq because of the previous disharmony between the shiite and iranian shiite factions .
more and more signs show that the shiites may resist the general election on january 30 and may be banned by relevant iraqi authorities because of the spread of rebellion .
powell said on abc 's " meet the press " program : " the new government to be in power and the transitional congress will be mostly shiite .
the majority of the iraqi population is also shiite . "
shiite muslims account for over 60 percent of the iraqi population , mostly in southern and central iraq .
the shiites are living in central and western provinces , accounting for 20 percent of the population .
the former foreign minister of the " iraqi independence democratic party , " which currently leads the sunni majority , called for delaying the election today , but powell said that the iraqi general election would be held as scheduled .
powell also said that he felt that the shiite control of the future iraqi government could not possibly mean that iran would control the iraqi political situation .
he said : " now i think that even if iran 's influence may be affected , iran will naturally try to influence the iraqi political situation , but there are great differences between iran and the shiite faction , and there have been serious disputes and conflicts in the past . "
wave after wave of international rescue is gradually unfavorable to tsunami victims
foreign rescue forces are now airdropping food and establishing a clean water supply system in the tsunami - stricken areas in asia to help millions of homeless and famine victims .
according to statistics , the death toll has climbed to nearly 150,000 .
the relief supplies of the governments of various countries have continued , and us president bush has entrusted his father , the elder bush , and former president clinton , to be responsible for raising donations from the public .
the delegation led by us secretary of state powell arrived in thailand last night to express us concern and assess the progress of the rescue work before the crisis summit in the indonesian capital of jakarta on the 6 th .
powell and his entourage include the younger brother of president bush , florida governor jeb bush , and the director of the us international development agency , naqieco .
powell will lead a delegation to inspect the disaster in thailand , indonesia , and sri lanka , and will take part in the six - day summit .
powell said that the purpose of his delegation 's inspection is to assess the disaster situation and observe what the united states needs to do . however , he will not immediately promise to increase more aid in addition to the promised us $ 350 million donation .
since the disaster , there have been calls to give up the search for thousands of tourists who are still unknown , many of whom are foreign tourists .
however , thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra vowed to continue his search in his country .
" foreign experts told me that they ( missing persons ) may be buried in the mud in the mangrove forests , and we will continue to do our utmost to search for them and will not stop . "
the largest international rescue operation in history is continuing .
the navy helicopter dispatched by the us aircraft carrier " lin kenya " has already carried out the second day of the mission of airdropping relief materials and carrying survivors in aceh province .
rear admiral klaus kinkel , commander of the navy , said that 50,000 pounds of food and water transport have been sent to the disaster areas , and the task has been " smoothly carried out . "
behind - the - scenes political struggle to help tsunami disaster
at a time when the source of materials for the relief of the asian tsunami disaster was flowing into the disaster - stricken areas , a relatively unusual activity was also being carried out in secret : the governments of all countries should provide funds for that , on the one hand , they should receive assistance , and on the other hand , they should play a leading role in this modern largest relief operation .
the catastrophe , which has caused nearly 150,000 people to die , has triggered the old flames of war , including the discord between the united states , the united nations and europe , and the struggle for the leading position in asia .
however , disaster relief experts still have a cautious hope and believe that this tsunami attack on too many countries may lead to a precedent : the countries that promise to provide aid will truly fulfill their commitments .
" the aid commitments made by the governments of various countries have never been carried out in a timely manner , " said zhu ma , professor of international development at the harvard government college .
the aid guaranteed by the governments of various countries has reached as high as $ 2 billion , including un secretary general annan , us secretary of state colin powell , and leaders of australia , china , and japan will hold a political crisis summit in jakarta on the 6 th .
us president bush has increased us aid to nearly 10 times , increasing to us $ 350 million , after being accused of being slow in response and un high - ranking official for relief affairs evans openly criticized the rich countries for being " stingy . "
in asia , the hidden influence of the tsunami disaster on the region has become increasingly confident that china has promised to provide 60.5 million us dollars in aid to a developing country .
japan , which has reduced its foreign aid budget for six years in a row , has also quickly smashed the argument that its national strength is declining with action , and promised to provide at least $ 500 million in aid , which makes all other countries in the world .
world leaders visit sri lanka
sri lanka 's officials said that world leaders , including un secretary general annan and us secretary of state powell , have arrived in sri lanka one after another to personally learn about the great tsunami disaster that killed 3600 people in sri lanka at the end of last month .
they said powell had arrived here and south korean prime minister lee hoi - tsan would arrive later at noon .
in a press release issued by the us embassy , powell will visit some areas where the tsunami hit the most serious on december 26 last year , including the us marine corps stationed in the southern california region as a rescue operation .
the south korean embassy said that lee hoi - tsan would visit the west coast in the company of the sri lankan prime minister .
the statement said : " in the company of sri lanka 's prime minister rajakob , the south korean prime minister will visit the west coast to personally observe the loss of human life , life and property . "
lee hoi - tsan will stay in the most serious heban tower to monitor the rescue operations carried out by south korea 's non - governmental and non - governmental organizations .
un secretary general annan is scheduled to arrive in the evening for a two - day visit .
" he will visit the southern and eastern regions that have been created in the company of the world bank president vacaroiu , " the un spokesman said .
lee jong - wook , secretary - general of the world health organization , will also arrive in colombo today .
german foreign minister fischer is scheduled to arrive in sri lanka on the weekend .
sri lankan officials said that many more world leaders will come in the next few weeks .
these leaders , including canadian prime minister martin , announced yesterday that martin will visit sri lanka and thailand later this month .
bush : us to strengthen peace efforts after palestinian election
us president bush said today that the high turnout rate in the palestinian general election today was " deeply moved " by him . he promised that the united states would strengthen peace efforts .
president bush said in a statement : " the election of the chairman of the new autonomous government by palestinians in the west bank and the gaza strip has taken a crucial step toward the establishment of future democratic politics .
observers of the general election described this as a free and fair election . "
he said : " this is a historic day for the palestinian people and the middle east people . "
exit polls show that former prime minister abbas has won the general election by winning two - thirds of the votes .
he will inherit arafat and become chairman of the palestinian autonomous government .
bush said : " these efforts , including today 's presidential election and the parliamentary election several months later , are very important for the establishment of a sovereign independent , independent , democratic , and peaceful palestinian state . this new country will ensure israel 's security . "
he said : the us government is looking forward to cooperating with the newly elected president of the palestinian autonomous government and the palestinian people to promote the great cause of peace in the middle east .
peace in the middle east conforms to the aspirations of the people of israel and palestine for peace and security .
bush also called on israel to help improve the humanitarian and economic situation in the west bank and the gaza strip .
he also said that the arab countries must " take concrete steps together with all relevant parties to create a peaceful regional environment , provide financial support to the palestinian people , and refuse to help or shield terrorists . "
annan visits sri lanka 's rebel control plan blocked
un secretary general annan said today that he hoped that one day he would return to sri lanka and " visit every place in this country . "
annan has just concluded his two - day visit to the tsunami - stricken area in the country , but it is reported that the government of the country has blocked his visit to the northern region controlled by the rebels .
" i hope to come back to visit all areas of the country and help speed up the peace process , " annan said at a press conference when asked whether the government of the republic of sri lanka , as many national newspapers reported , has stopped him from visiting the rebel - controlled area of the " tamil eelam liberation organization . "
annan said that the president was personally opposed to his visit to the area controlled by the guerrillas because she was worried that the rebels would use his visit as a political bargaining chip .
he said : " i have raised the issue of the peace process and the necessity of strengthening the peace process .
i have also discussed the matter with president kuma tong . "
annan 's failure to visit the rebel - controlled area aroused the indignation of the rebels - controlled residents in the northern city of aceh , and hundreds of people protested in front of the un office in the city .
however , the government of the republic of slovakia firmly denied the media reports , saying that these media had " misinterpreted " the matter .
on the other hand , at a time when people from all walks of life are making all - out efforts to carry out disaster relief work , the national meteorological unit warned that the country 's coastline may be hit by typhoon , and the typhoon is now in the middle of the sea .
russian space agency denies rocket fuel causes child disease
the british weekly " nature " reported that the high - toxic rocket fuel emitted by russia during the launch of the spacecraft at the baikono space base in kazakhstan has caused serious illness to children in the vicinity , but the russian space agency denied this today .
the scientific journal " nature " published today quoted a study as saying that the level of contamination of residents in the region is two times that of common areas .
the study was carried out by a group of russian scientists led by an epidemic expert , the russian president said .
the russian space agency responded by saying : " space - related activities have a direct impact on residents ' health and have not been confirmed . "
the study quoted by the natural science magazine is mainly to study the children of the altai republic .
the republic of altai is located at the crossroads of siberia .
the republic of altai has been selected as a research target because of the pollution of unburned fuel , especially the pollution of the joint venture .
some of russia 's space launch missions are used as fuel for the first few stages .
between 1998 and 2000 , the health records of about 1,000 children in the two polluting areas were compared to those of the nearby unpolluted control teams of 3,300 children .
the number of children in the most polluted areas who need medical care is nearly two times that of the unpolluted group , and the time of treatment is twice as much , the natural science journal reported .
white house says iraq 's election must have flaws
the white house admitted today that the iraqi election scheduled to be held on january 30 " will not be perfect . " at the same time , two more car bomb attacks occurred in mosul , killing at least two iraqi soldiers .
when asked whether or not to agree with what iraqi prime minister allawi said , violence will make some areas in iraq unable to vote , mcclellan said , " we all acknowledge that the election will not be perfect . "
he said : " this is the first time that the iraqi people can freely choose their leaders . this is for the sake of an election of a transitional government and is also one of the three elections this year . "
" so we will do our best to help the iraqi people and the transitional government to ensure that the upcoming election will be able to allow more people to participate as much as possible , " mcclellan said .
at least 25 people were killed in the bloody violence in iraq on the 11 th , and six of them died in a car bomb attack in former president hussein 's hometown of tikritt . allawi admitted that some areas in iraq would not be able to participate in the election this month .
at the same time , two more car bomb attacks occurred in mosul , killing at least two iraqi soldiers .
a truck exploded before an attempt to attack a us - iraqi joint military convoy , killing an unknown number of people , us military sources told afp .
snow said another car parked on the street exploded and killed two iraqi soldiers .
us trade deficit hits record high in november
us exports shrank by 2.3 percent in november last year , resulting in a record trade deficit of 60.3 billion us dollars , the us commerce department reported today .
us exports dropped to a new low of $ 95.6 billion in the past five months , and at the same time , because us oil import orders increased to $ 14.2 billion , increasing by more than $ 2 billion , and the growth rate reached 1.3 percent , thus increasing imports by 1.3 percent , reaching a record high of $ 155.8 billion .
the trade surplus increased 7.7 percent from the revised $ 56 billion in october last year , and also increased by 50.8 percent from $ 40 billion in november last year .
according to a survey conducted by the company 's market observation , wall street economists predict that the trade deficit of financial goods and labor services will shrink to about 53.3 billion us dollars .
although the us dollar is weak and the products produced by the united states are relatively cheap at home and abroad , the us trade deficit is still expanding .
the commerce department 's report today will put pressure on the us dollar , and again calls on washington to do something in the area of us energy independence and the elimination of us - china trade imbalance .
the decline in us exports in november last year was due to a decrease of 1.4 billion us dollars in capital and financial exports , including a decrease of 325 million us dollars in the export of aircraft and aircraft engines .
exports of industrial materials decreased by 800 million us dollars , with energy being the main source .
exports of motor vehicles , consumer goods , and food also declined .
japan 's history respects neighboring countries ' dignity : defense minister
japan 's defense agency director - general tsutomu tsutomu said today that japan will not forget the history of militarism and will remember the " dignity " of its asian neighbors at a time when japan adopts a relatively high attitude in the international arena .
when asked about the possible instability caused by japan 's dispatch of self - defense forces to the tsunami - stricken areas in south asia , takano said : " we should never forget the past when we have dealings with southeast asian countries . "
he told reporters : " we must establish a relationship with our friendly countries so that we can tell our friendly countries that we have goodwill .
when we look back at the past , we should fully respect the dignity of other countries . "
he particularly mentioned that this year is the 60 th anniversary of the end of world war ii . he said : " we hope to be reborn and cooperate for the new era . "
the japanese leader told him that he felt the " dignity " of an independent country when the japanese self - defense forces ' disaster relief mission ended at the end of march .
the united nations has expressed concern over the deadline for the indonesian government to add foreign troops .
foreign troops have been highly praised for their assistance and the most remote tsunami survivors .
nearly 1,000 japanese self - defense forces are going to the tsunami - stricken country on december 26 , killing more than 163,000 people .
this is the largest deployment action taken by the japanese self - defense forces since the end of world war ii .
the us - led post - war japanese constitution stipulates that the sdf cannot use force .
political intervention in the contents of the nik hatch program , the japanese media set off the debate
it is reported that the public - run japanese broadcasting corporation ( abc ) , due to pressure from political figures , reduced the contents of a program on the japanese army 's forced imposition of comfort women during world war ii a few years ago , and the japanese liberal media have taken a conservative stand on this .
it is said that nik hatk has deleted most of the contents of the program after discussions with high - level political figures , and most of the respondents are the people who criticized japan 's wartime acts and the victims who were forced to serve as comfort women . therefore , the liberal media criticized the practice of nik hatk .
however , conservative newspapers defended the decision to revise the contents of the program , believing that the senior executives of the company have the responsibility to ensure that the contents of the program are fair and objective .
the dispute broke out last week , and the key was a program broadcast in 2001 , which was a mock trial aimed at the japanese army 's forced invasion of comfort women during the war .
the trial was held by a women 's group in tokyo in december 2000 , and the final verdict was that the former japanese emperor yuren was guilty because he allowed the japanese army to use comfort women during japan 's occupation of asian countries .
historians said that at least 200,000 young women were forced to work in the front - line japanese army , mostly from south korea , but also from taiwan , china , the philippines and indonesia .
the producer of this program , tseng xiao - wang , held a news conference on the 13 th with tears in his eyes , saying that before the program was broadcast , the top officials of nik hatch met with the diet member of the ruling liberal democratic party , shinzo abe , and nakajima , and they expressed concern over the contents of the program .
according to changjing , the top echelon of nik hatch then recompiled the program and reduced the content .
he said , " nik , hatch , bow to political pressure . "
abe and nakajima admitted that they had met with nik hatk personnel and told them to be " fair , " but they firmly denied the pressure on the company .
euro zone data show core inflation under control
economists said today that the euro zone economic data released this week will show that core inflation is still under control .
at the same time , industrial production in the euro zone and consumer spending in france are expected to both drop .
when the european union census and statistics department released inflation data on the 20 th of this month , it is expected that the inflation rate will rise slightly from 2.2 percent in november to 2.3 percent in december .
however , the increase reflects the increase in tobacco tax in general , and the core inflation is expected to remain at 1.9 percent .
the core inflation rate will be released together with consumer prices .
economists pointed out that the core inflation , which does not include food , energy , and tobacco and alcohol prices , has been maintained between 1.6% and 2% in the past two years .
on the 13 th , the president of the european central bank , jean - claude trichet , said that the short - term price pressure has recently been reduced .
although inflation will remain at more than 2 percent in the next few months , it is likely to drop by the end of the year .
at the same time , another economist said that in view of the slowdown in germany 's growth , the november industrial production in the euro zone , which was released on the 18 th , is expected to also decrease .
industrial production in germany dropped 1.7 percent in november , while a survey conducted by the economic scholars of the afp - based financial news agency showed that the euro 's industrial production would drop by 0.4 percent in november after a 0.5 percent decline in october .
the us bank said industrial production in the euro zone is expected to rebound in december .
bureaucratic work style makes tsunami victims hit twice
three weeks after the worst tsunami attack in history , the survivors are now struggling with bureaucratic style and political command , and at the same time the focus of the world has been shifted to other places .
thousands of decomposed bodies have been removed from the rubble , causing more than 168,000 people to be killed in the december 26 tsunami disaster , and at the same time , the upcoming iraqi general election and president bush 's inauguration ceremony have replaced the tsunami disaster , which has become the top news item in the world media .
indonesia originally asked foreign troops to withdraw from the humanitarian rescue mission within three months , but the request was taken back later .
in thailand , leaders of canada , sweden , norway and finland are discussing reconstruction plans and identification of bodies .
however , survivors are faced with new difficulties , such as the deep - rooted bureaucratic style of indonesia , which has hindered the distribution of relief materials flowing into all parts of the world .
in a small village near the capital of aceh province in indonesia 's sumatra province , the fisherman said : " we are killing people who do not exist at all . the tsunami has caused us to suffer heavy losses . we have lost everything and are facing hunger . "
he said : " we saw on television those food , clothing , and other relief materials flowing into aceh ? "
like thousands of other disaster victims , the loss of identity cards and other official documents as a result of the tsunamis has made his efforts to get relief goods a nightmare .
although he earnestly requested the officials to go through the formalities every day , the result was the same : he could not get the relief goods .
zeng qinghong visits zhao ziyang at the end of his visit
china 's vice - president zeng qinghong went to the hospital to visit former general secretary zhao ziyang before he died of illness this morning , the china human rights and democracy information center in hong kong said .
the information center said that according to zhao ziyang 's family , zeng qinghong visited him at beijing hospital at 6 : 00 a.m . and died about an hour later at the age of 85 .
zhao ziyang , former general secretary of the communist party of china and prime minister , was dismissed from office in 1989 for opposing the use of force to suppress the democratic movement in tiananmen square , and was put under house arrest , which has been regarded by the government as an unwelcome figure .
the information center said that according to zhao 's family , incumbent premier wen jiabao , who had worked under zhao ziyang 's control , did not visit him when he was in critical condition .
however , before zhao ziyang fell into a coma on 14 june , tian jiyun , a retired member of the central committee , who had served as his assistant , went to see him .
the china human rights and democratic movement information center has been keeping in touch with zhao 's family and has issued correct information on zhao ziyang for many years .
the information center said that about 20 retired party , government , and military leaders are prepared to send an open letter to the chinese communists , calling for reevaluation of zhao ziyang 's contributions , and demanding an open memorial meeting for him .
the center also said that zhao ziyang 's family would not be allowed to hold or make preparations for the funeral , and the relevant arrangements would be decided by the party .
zhao ziyang 's wife , liang boqi , is 86 .
the information center said that due to her poor health , she had not been notified of her husband 's death this evening .
all parties urge china to promote democracy after zhao ziyang 's death
after former cpc leader zhao ziyang passed away today , people from all walks of life in the world highly praised him , while japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi , the taiwan government , and overseas chinese democracy movement all called on beijing to implement zhao ziyang 's democratic reform concept .
zhao , who was dismissed from office in 1989 for opposing military suppression of the democratic movement in tiananmen square , passed away at a hospital in beijing at the age of 85 this morning .
according to a report by the times news agency , japanese prime minister koizumi said in memory of zhao ziyang : " i hope they ( china ) will work for democratization . "
taiwan also called on china to carry out democratic and political reforms after zhao ziyang 's death .
overseas chinese democracy movement figures praised zhao ziyang as " one of the greatest reformers in china " and sacrificed his political life in order to oppose the bloody suppression of the tiananmen democracy movement .
lien sheng - te , chairman of the new york free china movement , who was once the leader of the student movement , said : " in the 15 years of his house arrest , he openly advocated that political reform must be carried out and that the rule of law and democracy must be pursued .
zhao ziyang will be remembered by later generations as a real democrat and a principled person . "
some democratic movement figures demanded that the chinese government hold a public funeral for zhao ziyang and give a fair appraisal of his achievements .
however , they admitted that zhao ziyang was not likely to receive the courteous reception because the chinese government was worried that the people who were dissatisfied with the communist party 's rule would take advantage of this opportunity to create disturbances .
the 1989 school movement was triggered by the death of reformists ' leader hu yaobang .
xinhua news agency today issued a brief report saying that comrade zhao ziyang 's death in beijing due to illness was the only official speech on this matter .
rich countries fail to fulfill their commitment to reducing poverty : un
a un - appointed expert group said in a new report that it promised to provide financial assistance to the rich countries with a view to reducing the world 's extremely poor population by half by 2015 , and that it has not yet fulfilled its commitments .
the rich countries in the world have promised to participate in the un 's ambitious " millennium development goals " program in order to improve the fate of the world 's poverty and suffering population .
however , at present , more than 1 billion people in the world have a daily living expenses of less than $ 1 - billion , and 2.7 - billion people are living on less than $ 2 - billion a day . un experts say that the time for the rich countries to fulfill their commitments is very short .
" with the correct mobilization of resources and political will , the development and reform of the developed countries can still be achieved , " said brown , director of the un development program .
un experts said that 22 rich countries in the world promised to provide 0.7 percent of their gross domestic product ( gdp ) aid to developing countries , but they are now only 0.25 percent .
un secretary general annan entrusted the development experts headed by former harvard economist shks to compile the progress report on this goal , including eliminating extreme poverty , popularizing primary education , reducing child mortality , and cracking down on aids and other fatal diseases .
the report said : " the practical solution has already existed , the political structure has been established , and the expenditure can be borne for the first time . now there is only a lack of action . "
un announces establishment of global disaster warning system
the united nations announced the establishment of a global disaster warning system to prevent major natural disasters .
however , after the tragedy of the great tsunami in south asia , the technology of that country is still controversial in the use of this disaster warning system .
after a global meeting in kobe , japan , several un organizations issued a joint statement saying that un experts would set up a global disaster warning system to reduce the damage caused by major natural disasters .
the major disaster caused by the great tsunami in south asia has greatly angry all countries in the indian ocean .
" this new plan will bring peace and security to mankind , " said the head of the international strategic organization for reducing disasters .
an effective early warning system will ensure the lives and safety of millions of people around the world . "
however , most of the un statement is of symbolic significance .
the unesco official said that more important consultations on this disaster warning system will be held .
unesco is taking the lead in promoting the establishment of a global disaster warning system .
aznar , head of the inter - governmental maritime affairs committee of the unesco , said : " at present , several countries have put forward different plans , so we need to coordinate and cooperate with each other . "
aznar said that the committee will hold two meetings within 60 days , hoping that the two meetings can decide on the adoption of the tsunami warning system put forward by that country .
the venue of one of the meetings is in paris , and the venue of the other meeting has not yet been decided .
aznar hoped to reach a decision in july that the global disaster warning system will be completed in mid - 2006 , which is also a target date set by the unesco .
hiv carriers in beijing increase by 40 percent
xinhua news agency , beijing , december 1 ( reporters zhao xinpei and li xu ) the beijing municipal health bureau recently announced the latest figures of hiv - infected people in beijing : from 1985 to october 2004 , beijing municipality has reported a total of 2,046 cases of hiv - infected people , with an average annual increase of 40.6 percent .
according to national aids statistics , beijing municipality ranks eighth in the country in terms of the number of hiv carriers .
of the 2,046 cases of hiv carriers , 403 were residents in beijing , 1,507 were floating population from elsewhere , 106 were foreigners , and 30 were unaccounted for .
according to analysis , the hiv infection in beijing municipality is mainly caused by the use of static drugs and the spread of sex , and the hiv infection of the floating population is mainly through the use of static drugs and the use of blood for blood , and the hiv infection of foreign personnel is mainly caused by sexual transmission .
in order to prevent the further spread of aids , starting from july 2004 , the disease prevention and control centers of 18 districts and counties in beijing municipality have set up free consultation rooms and antibodies screening laboratories to conduct face - to - face consultation , initial blood screening , epidemiological investigation , and gradually spread to hospitals at and above the city level .
the beijing municipal health bureau has designated the geotan hospital and the youan hospital as a designated hospital for the free treatment of aids in beijing municipality . the clinical part of the work of free treatment of aids is to be purchased by the beijing municipal health bureau and the unified organization of the municipal financial bureau .
the beijing municipal education commission has studied and formulated a free teaching policy for hiv - infected people and children , as well as a policy for the study of aids patients among young students .
at present , hospitals at and above the level of the obstetrics and gynaecology department in the whole city are undertaking free consultation and screening of aids , and the prefectural hospital and youan hospital are providing anti - viral drug hospitals for pregnant women .
at present , a total of 1,390 automatic sales machines have been installed at the district level free of charge , and a pilot scheme for methadone treatment and the establishment of a clean needle - sharing point for drug abusers has been carried out .
shanghai 's power generation capacity rises to first place in the world
xinhua news agency , shanghai , december 1 ( reporter jiang wei ) with the completion of the trial operation of a 660,000 - kilowatts power generating unit , the shanghai electric power station group company , ltd. , on the 1 st completed the production target of 15 - million kilowatts per year ahead of schedule , with the result that the output and production capacity of the shanghai power station has risen to the first place in the world , realizing the long - cherished wish of several generations of people in china 's equipment manufacturing industry .
the shanghai electric power plant group is china 's largest power station equipment manufacturing base .
in recent years , due to the rapid growth of demand for power generation equipment in china , the power generation manufacturers throughout the country have entered a stage of high growth and large - scale development .
the shanghai electric power station group has integrated the superior resources of the equipment of the power stations , such as the engine , the boilers of the power station , and so on . after receiving four 1 - million kilowatt - class thermal power generating units , it has also obtained the production orders for nine heavy gas power generating units and three remaining thermal boilers in the form of an overall tender .
at the same time , through integrated operations , we have further enhanced the efficiency of enterprise management , technological development , and production .
at present , the shanghai electric power station group has accounted for 40 percent of the market share of the equipment industry of china 's power stations , and has constantly expanded its overseas markets in the middle east , southeast asia , and south america .
in the first year of this year alone , as the main components of power generation equipment , the shanghai automotive machinery company received a sales order worth 6 billion yuan .
zheng jianhua , president of the shanghai electric power station group , said : the " power shortage " this summer has greatly increased the demand for power stations and equipment in all parts of the country , and the competition in the manufacturing market for power stations ' equipment has become increasingly hot .
the group is implementing the three major goals of " developing and manufacturing 1 million kilowatts of thermal power , gas generating units , and 1 million kilowatts of nuclear power , " so as to achieve the goal of becoming the world 's 500 largest .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) hong kong observatory provides new services to wmo website
xinhua news agency , hong kong , december 2 , the hong kong observatory started to provide two new services for the " world weather information service " and the " bad weather information center " websites managed by the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) from the 2 nd .
a spokesman for the hong kong observatory said that the two new services are : the inclusion of official global weather observation on cloud volume and rainfall on the " world weather information service " website , and the revision of tropical cyclone mobile path in the past seven days on the " bad weather information center " website .
these two services are another new service provided by the hong kong observatory to the " severe weather information center " at the beginning of this year , following the official observation of heavy rain ( including heavy snow ) around the world .
it has been learned that the " world weather information service " website has always provided official weather forecasts for major cities in the world and the average monthly climate of cities .
the new service is the first of its kind in the world to provide official weather observations and a global distribution map of cloud and rainfall .
the new website covers a wide range of weather observations , high density and is updated eight times a day .
the new product of the " bad weather information center " website is the revisiting function of providing tropical cyclone mobile paths .
in the past , the website had no longer kept information on the location of the tropical cyclone when the tropical cyclone was dispersed .
however , a few days after the tropical cyclone landed , the public still wanted to obtain relevant information on the tropical cyclone .
for this reason , the new product has stored the tropical cyclone grading , location and mobile path for the past seven days , so that the public and the media can still obtain the necessary information in a few days after the tropical cyclone landed and dispersed .
the world 's first bird flu virus hatch 5nik - 1 rapid diagnosis drug testing box successfully developed in shantou
xinhua news agency , shantou , december 3 ( zhang wenwen and lin junqiang ) - the reporter learned from the shantou university medical school and the joint flu research center of the university of hong kong that they have cooperated with xiamen university in the past half a year to develop the world 's first case of the rapid diagnosis drug box of the avian flu virus , and the first of its kind in the world .
using this fast testing method to test the samples of suspected people can reach a conclusion within an hour as soon as possible on whether or not to be infected with the avian flu virus .
according to professor guan tie , director of the joint flu research center of the faculty of medicine of shantou university and the faculty of medicine of the university of hong kong , according to the information currently available , the mortality rate of avian flu , which is listed as a highly toxic and deadly virus , is far higher than the salts virus .
in the past , it took more than one week for the virus to go from " suspected " to " confirmed " for three to five days .
the rapid testing technology for the avian flu virus , which has been successfully introduced this time , has adopted the method of enzyme , the method of immunity , and the method of gold standards , which can test the complete virus or the virus of the virus , which includes the excretion of the mouth , and the cultivation of the chickens , as well as the blood , and will be able to reach a conclusion in one hour and two hours at the earliest .
the new technology has the characteristics of being simple , convenient , and quick , and can be tested on the spot in the epidemic areas , and the accuracy rate is more than 90 percent , which is conducive to early detection , early diagnosis , early isolation , and early treatment of the virus , and to preventing the spread of the virus on a large scale and causing great disasters .
entrusted by the china disease prevention and control center , the shantou university 's medical school and the joint flu research center of the university of hong kong recently held a training course on bird flu virus testing technology to train the students from the disease prevention and control centers of 20 provinces and cities across the country , including the latest avian flu virus rapid testing technology .
spokesman of the office of the commissioner of the ministry of foreign affairs in hong kong expresses strong dissatisfaction with the speech by us house of representatives international relations committee chairman haider
xinhua news agency , hong kong , december 3 , a spokesman for the office of the commissioner of the ministry of foreign affairs of the people 's republic of china ( prc ) in hong kong said here today that he is strongly dissatisfied with the recent speech made by the chairman of the international relations committee of the us house of representatives in hong kong .
the spokesman said : in his speech delivered in hong kong on 2 april , mr. haider , chairman of the international relations committee of the us house of representatives , made a malicious attack on china 's development and progress , and slandered china 's foreign policy with the cold war mentality . we express our strong dissatisfaction .
the spokesman said : it is known to all that china 's development is not only in the fundamental interests of the 1.3 billion chinese people , but also conducive to the prosperity and development of the world .
on the international political stage , china is a responsible country and has played a positive and constructive role in safeguarding world peace and stability .
on the issue of nuclear nonproliferation , china has always strictly carried out relevant international conventions , resolutely opposed any form of nuclear proliferation , and advocated resolving such problems through consultation , dialogue , and strengthening international supervision .
the spokesman pointed out : it is regrettable that mr. haide has ignored the objective facts and made these extremely irresponsible remarks at a time when sino - us relations are further developing in a healthy and stable manner . this is completely inconsistent with the consensus reached by the chinese and us heads of state not long ago on the development of bilateral relations , and runs counter to the mainstream voice of the us society for strengthening cooperation with china , and is undoubtedly harmful to the development of sino - us relations .
china 's largest seawater desalination project settled in zhoushan
xinhua news agency , hangzhou , december 6 ( pan yifeng and xu qun ) the seawater desalination project , the largest of its kind in mainland china , with a daily handling capacity of 10,000 tons , will be settled in the putuo district of zhoushan city , zhejiang province .
for those residents who have suffered from water shortage , the vast and mighty sea water around them for thousands of years will soon become clear and sweet water flowing into every household .
this reporter learned from the relevant departments that the hangzhou water treatment and development center of the state oceanic administration ( soa ) and the government of the liwang town in the putuo district of the zhoushan city recently signed an agreement on the cooperation of 10,000 tons of seawater desalination project .
the first phase of the project is expected to be completed next year , with an investment of 50 million yuan and a daily output of 10,000 tons of fresh water .
the city is one of china 's cities with a relatively serious water shortage .
the city has a total of 1,390 large and small islands , with per capita fresh water possession of 601 cubic meters , only 25.4 percent of zhejiang province 's per capita possession , and the problem of drinking water has all along disturbed the livelihood of the residents of this island city .
for example , the xiangwang town in the putuo district has to transport 1,500 tons of fresh water from a nearby town every day , with a cost of more than 10 yuan per ton .
the anti - infiltration seawater desalination technology developed by the hangzhou water treatment and development center of the state oceanic administration is a process of separation with pressure as a driving force , and is a hot point in the field of international seawater desalination research today .
a relevant person in charge of the center said that the cost of the anti - infiltration seawater desalination project and the consumption of energy have been reduced through technological improvement and the transformation of equipment domestically .
the cost of water desalination per ton has been further reduced on the basis of five yuan .
this indicates that the cost of seawater desalination is likely to be close to the price of tap water and industrial water .
( international ) hungarian referendum results invalid on 5 th
xinhua news agency , budapest , december 5 ( reporter liu min ) - hungary on the 5 th held a referendum on the privatization of national public health medical institutions and the dual nationality of the hungarian people outside the border .
because the number of voters participating in the voting and the number of people who voted for or opposed the two issues did not reach the legal percentage , the result of the voting was invalid .
a total of 30.11 million people , or 37.48 percent of the total number of voters , took part in the voting , according to the results of the country 's national election office .
among them , 1.919 million people and 10.33 million people voted for and opposed the first issue , accounting for 23.87 percent and 12.85 percent of the total number of voters in the whole country , and 15.18 million and 1426,000 people voted for and opposed the second issue , respectively , accounting for 18.88 percent and 17.75 percent of the total number of voters in the whole country .
according to the relevant law of hungary , the result of the referendum is valid only if the number of voters participating in the voting exceeds 50 percent of the total number of voters in the country , or the number of people who voted for or opposed the above - mentioned issue exceeds 25 percent of the total number of voters in the country .
before that , the hungarian government and the ruling party had always called on voters to vote against the two issues , while the opposition parties called on the voters to vote for the two issues .
it is reported that this is the lowest percentage of voters participating in the previous national referendum and elections .
after the result of the vote was announced , hungarian prime minister zorcharani made a speech acknowledging the failure of the referendum .
he said that the government will more actively formulate policies on nationalities and carry out medical and health reforms .
the biggest opposition party in hungary , the president of the youth league , the christian democratic league , said that although the number of people who voted for the vote did not reach the set percentage , this referendum was beneficial .
he called on the government and congress to consider the outcome of the national referendum when formulating relevant laws .
wen jiabao stressed at a forum on the economic situation held by the state council that efforts should be made to raise the level of making policy decisions in a scientific and democratic manner .
xinhua news agency , beijing , december 6 , the state council recently held separate forums in zhongnanhai to hear their views on the current economic situation and their views and suggestions on doing a good job in economic work next year .
wen jiabao , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and premier of the state council , presided over the forum and made an important speech .
huang ju , member of the political bureau standing committee of the cpc central committee and vice premier of the state council , attended the forum .
from 18 to 19 october , the state council invited responsible persons of eight provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities , nine economic experts and scholars , and eight responsible persons of state - owned enterprises and individual and private enterprises to hold three forums .
the participants fully expressed their views on the international and domestic economic trends , consolidating the results of macroeconomic regulation and control , further strengthening agriculture , deepening the reform of state - owned enterprises , developing the non-public economy , improving financial services , preventing financial risks , expanding employment , improving the social security system , and maintaining the basic stability of prices .
wen jiabao and other leading comrades of the state council seriously listened to their speeches and discussed with them .
after listening to their speeches , wen jiabao said : you have put forward many good opinions and suggestions , and the state council will absorb and adopt them when studying economic work .
he stressed : to implement the spirit of the fourth plenary session of the 16 th cpc central committee , an important task is to further improve the decision - making mechanism and implement scientific and democratic decision - making .
this is an important measure to enhance the party 's ruling ability and the government 's administrative ability .
with regard to major policy decisions concerning the overall situation of economic and social development , the government should conduct in - depth investigation and study through various channels and forms , grasp the actual situation , and extensively concentrate the wisdom of the people , so that the decision - making can truly be based on science and democracy .
wu yi , zeng peiyan , hui liangyu , hua jianmin , and other leading comrades of the state council , as well as responsible persons of relevant departments , attended the forum .
( international ) angolan president 's council holds special meeting in peru
xinhua news agency , kustko , peru , december 7 ( reporter liu guoqiang and wang lu ) the special meeting of the president 's council of the andes community ( the andes ) opened on the 7 th in the famous tourist city of kustko , peru .
the presidents or representatives attending the meeting will hold consultations on deepening the andes regional integration plan and promoting economic and social development .
speaking at the opening ceremony of the meeting , peruvian president toledo toledo said that it has been 35 years since the founding of the andes , but some major problems such as poverty have not been solved .
at present , the poverty rate in the andes region is as high as 53 percent , which constitutes a serious threat to the democratic administration in the region .
to this end , the governments of the region should work hard to explore ways to establish an effective mechanism for extricating themselves from poverty and strengthen their participation in state affairs so as to promote social stability and development .
the south american community will announce the establishment of the third south american summit , which is scheduled to be held here today .
he expressed the belief that the establishment of this new regional organization will play an important role in promoting regional political , economic , and social development .
apart from toledo , bolivian president mesa also attended the meeting .
colombian president ricardo lagos , ecuador 's president gutierres , and venezuelan president chavez were unable to attend the meeting for various reasons . however , they will come to attend the third south american summit here on 8 june .
the andes community was founded in 1969 and is composed of five countries , namely bolivia , colombia , ecuador , venezuela , and peru . it is a regional organization for economic cooperation among latin american countries , with its headquarters in the peruvian capital lima .
the president 's council is the highest decision - making body in the region .
the last meeting was held in the capital of ecuador in july 2003 .
construction of three gorges power station to start soon
xinhua news agency , wuhan , december 8 ( reporter shi yongfeng ) on december 8 , the main body of the three gorges project 's underground power station was open for bidding for the first time , thus opening the prelude to the construction of the three gorges underground power station .
the three gorges project is designed and installed with 26 generating units of 700,000 kilowatts , with an installed capacity of 18.2 million kilowatts , with an annual average power generation of 84.7 billion kilowatt - hours after all the units have been put into production .
in order to further tap the power generation potential of the three gorges project , the three gorges project has set aside the position of expanding the underground power station in its initial design .
according to a briefing given by a responsible person of the china three gorges project development corporation , the three gorges underground power station is located in the mountains on the right side of the three gorges dam . the main buildings include the water tower , the water diversion tunnel , the main plant , the tail water system , the mother line , and the 500 - kilovolts power station .
six generating units of 700,000 kilowatts will be installed at the underground power station .
this way , the total installed capacity of the three gorges project will increase from 26 to 32 , and the installed capacity will increase from 18.2 million kilowatts to 22.4 million kilowatts , greatly increasing the power generation capacity of the three gorges project .
flood prevention is the primary task of the three gorges project .
according to the plan for the operation and management of the three gorges reservoir , before the flood season every year , the water level in the three gorges reservoir will drop from the normal water level of 175 meters to the flood prevention limit of 145 meters .
therefore , the construction of underground power stations will increase the use of water in the three gorges reservoir , reduce the quantity of water to be discarded , and increase power generation , so that the power station will be able to maximize the period of water diversion .
at present , the early stage of the construction of the three gorges underground power station , such as the excavation of the tunnel , the excavation of the tail pipe , and the maintenance of the project , has begun first .
it has been learned that all underground power stations will be completed and put into production by the end of 2008 .
china 's navigation festival ready to come out
xinhua news agency , beijing , december 8 ( reporter huang fuhui ) at a news conference held here on the 8 th , yao mingde , president of the china road transportation association , expressed " full confidence " in the establishment of the china sea festival .
yao mingde , who is also director of the office of the leading group for the preparatory work for the 600 th anniversary of zheng he 's fall into the sea , said that all the 16 leading groups , including the ministry of communications , have agreed to designate july 11 each year , that is , the day of zheng he 's first voyage to the west , as china 's maritime festival , and will propose to the state the establishment of this festival .
it has been learned that the state council should approve the establishment of a holiday that does not require a holiday .
zheng he is a well - known maritime family in the world .
in the 28 years from 1405 to 1433 , zheng he led more than 200 ships and nearly 30,000 people to the red sea and africa on seven occasions . he traveled more than 300,000 kilometers to more than 30 countries and regions in asia and africa through southeast asia and the indian ocean .
china will hold a series of activities next year to mark the 600 th anniversary of zheng he 's voyage to the west .
the emblems of the commemorative activities were issued in beijing on the 8 th .
the logo is made up of the sailing boat , the surging light blue arc , and the words " the 600 th anniversary of the zheng he 's voyage to the west , 1405 - 2005 . "
the designer is yao ying , an art teacher at xian city middle school in shaanxi province .
people from all walks of life in society have called for seizing the opportunity of the 600 th anniversary of zheng he 's voyage to the west and strengthening the education of minors in 2005 to set up china 's maritime festival , so as to enhance people 's maritime awareness and maritime concepts , carry forward the spirit of the chinese nation , and deepen the education on patriotism .
yao mingde said : china has a sea area of over 3 million square kilometers , and 90 percent of china 's international trade has been completed by sea .
china is a big sea - going country in the world , and it is not necessary to have no navigation festival in many festivals .
taiwan province has established july 11 as a maritime festival .
more than 10 countries in the world , such as the united states , canada , and japan , have a maritime festival .
( international ) cote d'ivoire reaches consensus on implementation of peace accord
xinhua news agency , abidjan , december 8 ( reporter liu shaoping ) the un action mission in cote d'ivoire issued a communique in abidjan on the evening of the 8 th , saying that un secretary general annan welcomed the consensus reached by all parties in cote d'ivoire on the continued implementation of the peace agreement , and called on all parties to seize this opportunity to ensure " true progress " in the peace process so as to prepare for the general election in october 2005 .
the communique said that annan stressed at the same time that all parties in kuwait should reach a consensus on the " concrete action plan . "
he also " placed high hopes " on south african president mbeki and the african union 's continued efforts to work together with the west african community and the un peacekeeping mission in kosovo to resolve the kosovo crisis .
entrusted by the african union , mbeki paid a four - day visit to cote d'ivoire from the 2 nd to the 6 th of this month to seek a solution to the crisis in cote d'ivoire .
at the end of the visit , mbeki announced that all parties in cote d'ivoire have reached a consensus on the four - point proposal .
the proposal includes the completion of the relevant legislation of the " markuxi agreement , " the start of the process of disarming the war personnel , and the return of all government ministers to their posts to perform their duties and restore the security of the country .
the chairman of the party group of the parliament of cote d ' ivoire recently decided that the parliament will examine the draft amendments to the constitution from the 10 th .
the opposition armed forces in cote d ' ivoire also announced today that the leaders of the opposition armed forces will hold a meeting in the near future to conduct an overall evaluation of the peace process and discuss the issue of disarming .
a coup and civil war broke out in cote d'ivoire in september 2002 .
in january last year and july this year , representatives of major political parties and opposition armed forces in cote d'ivoire reached agreements in france and ghana , agreeing to resume peace and realize national reconciliation .
however , the process of implementing the agreement has gone through twists and turns , resulting in repeated setbacks in the peace process .
in mid - october , the opposition armed forces in the northern part of cote d ' ivoire announced the recall of their representatives to participate in the government and the peace process in cote d'ivoire has been bogged down again in a deadlock .
in early november , the situation in kuwait was further worsened after a serious clash between the government forces of cote d'ivoire and the french troops in kosovo .
us $ 10 million to help children and villages in china 's western region
xinhua news agency , xi ' an , december 9 ( reporter liu ximei ) - the state director of the " international plan " , james morris , and the director of the shaanxi provincial environmental protection bureau , he fali , signed a cooperation agreement in xian on the 9 th . as of today , the international plan for china 's " water supply and environmental hygiene " project will formally cooperate with shaanxi province 's " green civilization demonstration project " to promote and help the implementation of the project of drinking water for people and animals in shaanxi province .
the " green civilization demonstration project " was initiated by shaanxi province 's environmental protection department , with a view to building green schools , green communities , green enterprises , and green villages .
after cooperating with the international plan for china 's " water supply and environmental hygiene " project , this project will promote the development of water supply and environmental hygiene in poor rural areas , as well as the construction of " green villages " and " green schools " in poverty - stricken areas , so that the two sides can complement each other 's strong points and strengthen the sustainable development of the projects .
international programmes are the world 's largest international humanitarian organization with children as the center , and more than 1.3 million children and their families and communities are directly assisted by them .
the international plan to enter china in 1995 has so far sponsored more than 21,300 children .
at present , there are six international projects in china . in addition to beijing 's yanqing county , the other five projects are located in shaanxi province ( pu cheng county , chunhua county , jiaxian county , yulin city 's yuyang district , and xixiang county ) .
since the beginning of cooperation with shaanxi province in 1999 , the total international investment in the development of poverty - stricken children and communities in more than 250 villages in shaanxi province has exceeded 12 million us dollars .
( international ) another 1,425 right - wing militants in colombia give up their arms
xinhua news agency , bogota , december 10 ( reporter liu lianxiang ) a total of 1,425 armed elements of the colombian rightwing military organization , the " joint self - defense forces of colombia , " led by deputy commander - in - chief and chief of the general staff mankuso , surrendered their weapons to the government representatives in the northeast border area on the 10th to accept the government 's arrangements for the peaceful separation .
according to reports from the media here , the people who were loyal this time belonged to the " cartagong river column , " which had previously carried out illegal armed activities in four northeastern provinces , the " joint self-defense force of colombia . "
at the ceremony , on behalf of the government , the senior peace commissioner of the colombian government , lestro , accepted their hand - handed rifles , machine guns , bombs , mortars , and other equipment , and welcomed their sincere actions .
this is the fourth time that the colombian government has dispersed 855 members of the " joint self - defense forces of colombia " since november 2003 .
in june this year , the colombian government and the " joint self - defense forces of colombia " reached a peaceful separation agreement through consultations .
the agreement stipulates that the 3,000 armed personnel of the 11 columns of the " joint self - defense forces of colombia " will be dispersed one after another and return to society by the end of this year .
the " colombian joint self-defense force , " which has nearly 20,000 people , was founded in 1997 . it is composed of the owners of the dazhuang garden , the owners of mines , and the private armed forces of drug trafficking groups .
under the mediation of the organization of american states , the organization is currently negotiating with the colombian government and has promised to send out all the personnel by the end of 2005 .
guangxi celebrates 75 th anniversary of baise uprising
xinhua news agency , nanning , december 11 ( reporter wang james ) on december 11 , the old revolutionary base area , with a population of 3.6 million , carried out a series of activities to mark the 75 th anniversary of the baise uprising .
on 11 december 1919 , deng xiaoping , zhang yunyi , and other leaders and launched the famous baise uprising , and established the right jiang revolutionary base area and the seventh army of the chinese workers ' and peasants ' red army .
the baise uprising was another successful armed uprising led by the independent communist party following the nanchang uprising , the autumn harvest uprising , and the guangzhou uprising .
on the morning of 11 december , more than 2,000 people , holding flowers in their hands , came to the monument to the baise uprising , presented flowers , and bow to the memory of the great achievements of the martyrs .
after that , he watched the film " baise uprising " and visited the photo exhibition " zhang yunyi in guangxi . "
huang qisheng , a student from the baise high school , said : " although the regular history and ideological and political courses have talked about many aspects of education on patriotism and collectivism , we feel that this is a vivid lesson in patriotism after we really come to visit the site today . "
as early as this year , during the 100 th anniversary of the founding of deng xiaoping , the old revolutionary base areas have constantly improved this patriotic education base , restored the baise uprising memorial hall , built the deng xiaoping 's hand - made memorial hall , and repaired the guangdong east meeting hall of the seventh army of the chinese workers ' and peasants ' red army .
liang chunlu , secretary of the baise city cpc committee , said : the old revolutionary base areas have witnessed the great deeds of countless revolutionary predecessors who shed their blood and shed their blood . today , the people of the 100 color will continue to carry forward the spirit of the bose uprising and use the development of the hundred color to comfort their predecessors .
experts call for establishing an adult press spokesman system in china
xinhua news agency , shanghai , december 13 ( reporter liu dan ) the " china youth social education forum - - the development of the media and juveniles in 2004 , " which closed in shanghai on the 13th , proposed that china should establish a press spokesman system for the situation of minors , and regularly release information on the current situation and existing problems of the development of minors .
a recent survey conducted by a relevant department in shanghai municipality shows that the average number of minors reading extra - curricular books for 1.17 hours a day , 1.05 hours on television , and 0.99 hours on the internet , and about half of the time for making arrangements for the extra - school hours of minors , and the media are using a brand - new social force to become a factor that can not be ignored in the growth and development of minors .
" the media are a window linking the minds of minors with the outside world . after the windows are opened , fresh air comes in , and flies and mosquitoes also enter . "
chen qiao , chairman of the board of directors of the shanghai grand network development company , said .
while the media have created good conditions for the healthy growth of minors , because of market competition and the needs of economic interests , as well as the poor quality of some press workers , the viewpoints in the report are easily misleading the thinking and values of young people , and some media have even spread violent and pornographic contents .
at present , china has more than 2,000 television channels , more than 1,500 broadcasting frequency , and 1,868 broadcasting programs , and the number of domestic netizens is as high as 87 million .
a relevant person in charge of the forum said that the establishment of a press spokesperson system for minors can provide authoritative investigation materials for the current situation and problems of the development of young people , change the current situation of the media " making arbitrary voice , " and provide a healthy and favorable public opinion environment for the growth of minors .
( international ) iraqi foreign minister believes iraq 's general election faces three major issues
xinhua news agency report of december 14 th from dubai ( by staff reporter xing xudong and yan yi ) - iraqi interim government foreign minister zabi said in dubai on the 14 th that the general election to be held on january 30 next year will face three major problems , that is , the deterioration of the security situation will obstruct and interfere with the election process , the voters are worried that the voting will not be affected by terrorist attacks , and how to ensure the transparency and fairness of the election .
speaking at the " arab strategic forum " meeting held in dubai , zabari said that it is very necessary for iraq to hold a general election as scheduled , because the general election will not only define the new iraqi leader , but also confirm that iraq is a free , democratic , and unified country that belongs to all iraqis .
he expressed his belief that the future iraqi government will be a legal government representing the iraqi people and expressing their wishes .
zebari said that the us - led coalition forces exist in iraq and provide protection to iraq at the request of iraq , because the current iraqi interim government is unable to control the security situation and is unable to track down terrorists and sabotage elements .
the existence of the coalition forces is time - consuming , and in accordance with the un resolution , it will end the political process and the emergence of a legal government in iraq .
he stressed that the new iraq will continue to maintain its arab and islamic nature and abide by the charter of the league of arab states .
the iraqi people are facing the historic opportunity of rebuilding the country on a new basis , and iraq will rise again and become an important member of the great arab family that can make contributions to the arab nation .
belgian joint asset management company in shanghai
xinhua news agency , shanghai , december 15 ( jiang wei and shen yiqin ) the belgian joint asset management company , ltd. announced its formal entry into shanghai on the 15 th .
on the same day , the company said here that it is actively seeking china 's cooperation partners in an effort to enable the joint venture fund companies of the two sides to come into operation in early 2006 .
" as an important step to enter china 's asset management market , the company has been approved by china 's securities regulatory commission to open a representative office in shanghai , " he said .
according to the development strategy of the chinese market , the company will first open up the retail market .
he also said that the foundation is the strongest product of the company 's fund products , and will still be the foundation for the company to become the top financial institution in the world .
the belgian joint asset management company , which has 50 years of asset management experience , has provided assets management services for the corporate customers , company customers , and individual investors , and has managed a series of collective investment tools for them .
the company manages a wide range of fund products .
as of june this year , the total assets of the fund under its management reached $ 28 billion .
over the past 10 years , more than 550 guarantee funds have been issued , involving more than 350 different product structures .
" we welcome the recent decision by china 's relevant supervisory departments to allow commercial banks to open their own holding fund companies . "
du zhihui said : " we are actively looking for a local cooperative partner to establish a joint venture fund company . "
du zhihui said : there is still a great space for china 's market .
the belgian joint asset management company , with its headquarters in brussels , has a 45 percent stake in the belgian joint bank .
the bank opened its first branch in shanghai seven years ago .
in 2002 , the bank of belgium became the first belgian bank to be allowed to operate renminbi business in china .
( international ) un warns that global drug abuse death toll will increase in 2005
xinhua news agency , vienna , december 17 ( reporter song guocheng ) - the executive director of the un drug control and crime prevention office , kosta , warned in a press release on the 17 th that due to the increase in the output of heroin in afghanistan , it is estimated that the global black market price of heroin will be stable and the grade of heroin will be raised in 2005 , resulting in the death of more drug addicts .
kosta has issued a warning to health and anti - drug officials in europe and neighboring countries , calling on them to pay attention to the latest trends of drug cultivation and international drug crimes in afghanistan and take appropriate preventive measures .
according to statistics provided by the un drug control and crime prevention office in vienna , when the opium cultivation in afghanistan was banned in 2001 , the output of heroin in afghanistan decreased by 94 percent , and the purity of heroin in the black market in europe was reduced by 50 percent in the second year .
between 2000 and 2002 , the number of drug addicts in europe decreased by 20 percent .
he said that compared with 2003 , afghanistan 's opium growing area has increased by 64 percent this year , with the output of heroin reaching more than 500 tons , which is higher than that of the black market in the world . this trend means that the global drug purity and the number of drug - related deaths have increased .
the increase in the supply of heroin on the black market means a " death sentence " for drug addicts , he said .
according to estimates , the number of deaths caused by excessive drug abuse in the world is about 100,000 a year .
( international ) us military confirms another guantanamo prisoner not an enemy fighter
xinhua news agency , washington , december 20 ( reporter pan yunzhao and tan xinmu ) at a news conference held by the pentagon on the 20th , us defense department navy secretary goden england said that a military review group has confirmed that a prisoner detained at the us navy base at guantanamo is not an enemy fighter and will be released soon .
this is the second guantanamo prisoner identified by the us military as not an enemy fighter .
england said that the pentagon confirmed the identity of the prisoner one or two days ago , and the state department will notify the country where the prisoner belongs and arrange for the release of the prisoner .
however , he did not reveal the name and nationality of the prisoner , nor did he explain the circumstances under which he was arrested .
england refused to admit that the defense department had made mistakes in determining the identity of the guantanamo prisoner .
he said that the military review team responsible for examining the identity of the guantanamo prisoner had examined 507 prisoners and confirmed the identity of 230 people , of whom 228 were enemy combat personnel .
so far , the united states has released about 200 guantanamo prisoners , some of whom have been released after being repatriated , and a small number of others have been detained after returning home , but at least 12 people have taken part in the crackdown on the us military after being released .
at present , the us navy base at guantanamo has detained about 550 " al - qaeda " and taliban suspects , most of whom were captured during the us war against afghanistan .
the us government claims that these people are enemy combat personnel , not prisoners of war , and therefore are not protected by the " geneva convention . "
many countries have criticized the us government for indefinitely detaining their citizens , and some international organizations have also criticized the us government for violating international law .
top national domain name nodes settle in shanghai
xinhua news agency , shanghai , december 21 ( feng yizhen and chen haiyu ) on the 21 st , the china internet information center and the shanghai information industry ( group ) company , ltd. signed a contract in shanghai on the top - notch national domain name nodes .
the domain name is a communications foundation for all internet applications , such as e - commerce and e - administration . at present , it is widely used as an internet address .
when people visit websites and receive and receive e - mail , they must first input their domain names , and use the domain name analysis service of the domain name system to change the domain name to the web site address , find the main computer of the website , and realize the transmission of information .
the domain name system is like a " nerve system " that controls the transmission of information on the internet .
according to mao wei , director of the china internet information center , which manages china 's top - class domain name system , up to now , china has more than 90 million internet users , ranking second in the world in terms of scale , and the number of web sites has exceeded 650,000 .
with the rapid development of the internet , the resolution of domain names has also increased rapidly .
at present , the number of cn domain names registered is increasing at a rate of 10,000 new per month , reaching 430,000 .
the top - class national domain name servers operated and managed by the china internet information center handle more than 380 million domain name analysis requests a day , with an average of over 4,400 per second , with a peak of over 8,000 .
in the face of the rapid development trend of the internet , the china internet information center , the china domain name registration management organization , has reevaluated the four top national domain name nodes in the whole country this year , and has redeployed the top cn domain name nodes according to the assessment situation .
according to the local level of internet development and the software and hardware conditions of the access units , it is decided to settle the top national domain name nodes in shanghai .
it has been learned that at present , shanghai has 45,000 cn domain names , 26.6 percent of the internet users , and the internet popularization rate and application level are ranked first in the country .
the east china region around shanghai has 130,000 cn domain names and 23,000 websites , and the level of development is also in the forefront .
for this reason , shanghai has been selected as the first nodes in the re - deployment plan .
china becomes world 's largest producer of hard alloy
xinhua news agency , nanchang , december 22 ( reporters yang zhiyuan and li xingwen ) in recent years , china 's hard - quality alloy industry has developed rapidly , with an annual output of more than one - third of the world 's hard alloy output . in terms of production scale and output , china has become the world 's largest production power with a complete variety of hard - quality alloy , and most of its products can be produced in china .
this reporter learned from the ongoing seminar on the development strategy of the ganzhou industry in china on the 22 nd .
the development of the hard - quality alloy industry is called " industrial teeth , " because it has a very high degree of hard work and endurance for the use of cutting tools , high - pressure tools , and mining and road - building machinery , and the development of the hard - quality alloy industry has played a very important role in the development of the entire industry .
it has been learned that china 's hard alloy started in the 1950 s and has been growing from nothing to nothing , and has made remarkable achievements so far .
in the early 1980 's , when the world 's annual output of hard alloy was 25,000 tons , china 's annual output of hard alloy was about 5,000 tons , and in the 21 st century , the world 's annual output of hard alloy reached 38,000 tons , while china 's output of hard alloy has rapidly increased to 15,000 tons , exceeding one - third of the world 's output of hard alloy .
china has also made marked progress in exporting hard alloy .
in 1986 , china 's annual export volume of hard alloy was only 100 tons , and by 2003 , the export volume has reached 2,500 tons , and this year 's export volume is expected to exceed 3,000 tons , which is equivalent to one - third of the world 's export volume of hard alloy , and the annual foreign exchange earned from the export of hard alloy has increased from less than $ 4 million in the past to $ 70 million per year .
adb supports shanxi 's use of coal and gas in power generation
xinhua news agency , beijing , december 23 ( reporter jiang guocheng ) the reporter learned from the asian development bank 's representative office in china on the 23 rd that the adb recently approved a loan of 174 million us dollars to support the construction of a power plant with an octane gas in the southern part of shanxi province in the process of coal mining .
the project will use the latest technology to increase the output of coal and coal fields to provide fuel for a 120,000 - kilowatt power plant .
according to the project , the project will provide at least 166 million cubic meters of coal annually to about 90,000 households and industrial and commercial users upon completion of the project in 2008 .
about 410,000 people in the jincheng area will benefit .
shanxi 's coal output accounts for about one - third of the country 's total coal output .
the total cost of the project is estimated to be 237 million us dollars , of which the bank will provide 20 million us dollars in loans , and the construction bank of china will provide 37.86 million us dollars in loans .
the city government and the two mining / industrial groups in the region will provide a total of 61.44 million u.s. dollars in capital .
the us trade development agency has also provided a grant of 500,000 us dollars for the project .
through the surface - to - surface drilling of underground coal pits , the methane obtained from the mine is called coal - level gas , and the methane generated in underground coal mining operations is called coal mine gas .
methane is an extremely explosive gas that needs to be discharged first in coal mining operations to ensure the safety of the working environment .
eliminating , collecting , and using methane will reduce greenhouse gas emissions and will help reduce global warming and climate change .
the greenhouse effect of methane is 21 times that of carbon dioxide .
the use of methane to replace coal can also increase the use of clean fuel , improve the efficiency of coal mines , and make the air more clean .
adb senior project expert hansen said that the project is expected to provide about 4.5 million tons of carbon dioxide emissions reduction .
( international ) counterfeit goods in israeli museum town hall
xinhua news agency , jerusalem , december 24 , the director of the israeli museum , james nye , said on the 24 th that the treasure of the museum 's town , ivory coast , was recently confirmed to be a fake product .
this ivory coast was once regarded as the only cultural relics that have been discovered so far in the solomon era .
in a statement , snye said that the authorities had carefully assessed the ivory coast , which was big or small .
experts found that it should be the cultural relics of the qing dynasty , which was far earlier than the first holy palace of the jews .
" the sacred palace of god , the sacred place of god , and the worship of the god . "
and these words were later verified .
in the 1980 s , the israeli museum spent us $ 550,000 on buying this ivory from an anonymous collector .
archaeological and heritage experts once believed that it was the only heritage left over from the time , as it was a treasure set by the first holy palace memorial department at the top of a stick .
snye said that before the purchase of ivory coast , experts such as the israeli archaeological community , such as naman al - aqsa , identified it as a true product .
according to a report by israel 's " land newspaper , " at that time , aghazadeh only used a large mirror to conduct a rough appraisal of the cultural relics .
this argument was denied by alwi himself .
in recent months , the israeli police have successively uncovered three large - scale cultural relics fraud cases , and have summoned hundreds of people .
in the course of investigation , the police and the cultural heritage administration unexpectedly discovered ivory coast being counterfeit .
the police will file a lawsuit against some of the suspects next week .
in the 10 th century ad , the jewish king solomon built the first holy palace on the noble rock of the present , and kept a cabinet , a ship , and other sacred things . these sacred things were destroyed later .
shenzhen to implement mandatory application of " water in water " in some buildings and small areas
xinhua news agency , guangzhou , december 26 , as a major measure to build a " water - saving " city , shenzhen will implement the application of " water - saving " in a number of relatively large buildings and small areas . at present , relevant water design standards and regulations are being formulated .
" chinese water " mainly refers to non - potable water that can be reused within a certain scope by reaching a certain amount of water quality standard after the treatment of urban sewage or domestic sewage .
the water quality is between tap water and discharge of sewage into the pipeline .
in general , a large amount of water will be used in the areas of toilet washing , garden irrigation , farmland irrigation , road maintenance , car - washing , urban spray - spraying , and cooling equipment to supplement water .
a survey conducted by the shenzhen municipal water resources department shows that in the mid - 1990s , more than 70 buildings in shenzhen city had a " water recovery " system . however , due to the impact of technical , design , and management factors , the cost of recovery and utilization of " water " was too high , and the construction units had no choice but to give up their use .
to enable these pipelines to play their role in real terms , it is only necessary to invest 300,000 to 400,000 yuan in the installation of the " water treatment system . "
if we use more than 70 sets of " middle water " pipes at present , and calculated on the basis of the 500 tons of " middle water " used in each small residential area every day , we will be able to save 35,000 tons of water for shenzhen every day .
it has been learned that the work of recovering " water from china " in shenzhen city will start with the transformation of more than 70 buildings with the original " water " recycling system , and will be further popularized after summing up experience .
at the same time , the shenzhen waterworks department will work together with the urban planning and construction departments to formulate as soon as possible the design standards for " water in the water " and stipulate that the application of " water in the water " should be mandatory in some relatively large - scale buildings .
after the treatment , the " chinese water " will be used first in urban greening and irrigation .
27 zhejiang tourists who suffered tsunamis get out of danger
xinhua news agency , hangzhou , december 27 ( reporter feng yuan , qu lingyan , hu zuohua ) - a 27 - member zhejiang tourism delegation to thailand 's puji island was safe in a life - and - death race with the tsunami .
on the 24 th , 26 zhejiang tourists and a team leader went to thailand under the organization of the hangzhou china travel agency .
li hui , deputy general manager of the hangzhou china travel agency , said that on the morning of the 27 th , 26 tourists left puji island with the tour guide , and went to the panyu island for a tour , and arrived at the destination at about 10 : 00 a.m . local time .
after tourists landed on the shore , the sea water immediately rose , and people mistakenly thought that it was a rising tide , so they did not care about it .
tourist guide cai weiwei , after discovering that the sea water was strong , reminded people to quickly run toward the hotel on the shore to avoid danger .
when everyone ran into the hotel hall , the sea water had already risen to the entrance of the hotel .
the hotel has three layers , and the surging waves have been flooded to the second floor , and everyone can only stay in the top of the building , and the sea water has not continued to rise .
of the 26 tourists , 19 are employees of the china united engineering company .
the reporter learned from the company that after the tsunamis , the trapped staff members and workers made phone calls to the company for help , and the company immediately requested emergency rescue through the chinese ministry of foreign affairs .
on hearing the news , the chinese embassy in thailand took emergency measures and sent personnel to the scene to deal with the incident . at that time , two people had lost contact .
it was not until the evening of the 26 th that the company contacted two staff members and workers who had followed other tourist groups to withdraw from puji island in advance , and one staff member who was slightly injured also left the panco island by the thai government 's rescue boat at the earliest possible time , and had been treated .
after the tsunami occurred , the local transportation department made all - out efforts to rescue the wounded .
at noon on the 27 th , they were safely transferred to puji island .
li hui said : at present , the tourism group is anxiously waiting for a return flight on thailand 's puji island . if the flight is arranged smoothly , " i hope they will return home tomorrow . "
( international ) jordan to hold meeting of neighboring countries in iraq
xinhua news agency , amman , december 27 ( reporter : jiang shaoqing and zhao yue ) - jordanian foreign minister mukki announced here on the 27th that jordan will hold a meeting of neighboring countries in iraq early next month .
in a joint communique issued on the same day after meeting with visiting iraqi foreign minister zabi , mokki said that the two sides discussed the issues of holding a meeting of the neighboring countries in amman early next month , but he did not explain the specific date of the meeting .
he said : the two sides also explored the issue of providing support for the general election in iraq by arab countries and iraq 's neighboring countries .
moore said that jordan has always supported the iraqi people 's efforts to determine their own destiny and safeguard unity , and supports all efforts that are conducive to the smooth progress of the election in iraq .
he also said that jordan and the supreme election commission of iraq signed an agreement a few days ago , which supports jordan as one of the voting points for iraq 's overseas elections .
zabi said that he held consultations with musa on the smooth convening of the meeting of neighboring countries in iraq .
he also called on the iraqi people overseas to actively participate in the general election in iraq .
it is reported that representatives from egypt , saudi arabia , syria , kuwait , jordan , iran , turkey , and the iraqi interim government will attend the sixth meeting of the iraqi neighboring countries in amman early next month .
earlier , these countries and relevant parties held five meetings in saudi arabia , iran , syria , kuwait , and egypt to discuss the situation in iraq .
iran has not yet made it clear whether or not to attend the meeting .
china banking regulatory commission to strengthen supervision over financial asset management companies
xinhua news agency , beijing , december 29 ( reporter wang weiping ) the china banking regulatory commission recently convened a work conference on strengthening the management and supervision of bad assets , and decided that the supervisory departments will " treat both the symptoms and the cause " and earnestly strengthen the supervision and management of financial assets management companies .
a responsible person of the china banking regulatory commission said on 29 june that the china banking regulatory commission will investigate and deal with the problems of violation of law and regulations in the management and handling of bad assets in accordance with the law , and will hand over the cases to the judicial organs for investigation and prosecution .
the results of handling major typical cases should be made public to the public and subject to social supervision through public exposure .
in the near future , the china banking regulatory commission will focus on improving and strengthening the supervisory mechanism for financial asset management companies in four aspects :
first , it is necessary to speed up the building of relevant laws and regulations of financial - assets management companies .
it is necessary to draw up a unified plan for the building of the laws and regulations of the financial - assets management companies , and resolve the current problems of imperfect laws and regulations of the financial - assets management companies .
the china banking regulatory commission will draft and promulgate as soon as possible the " guidelines for the work of handling the bad assets of financial - assets management companies , " the " procedures for the disclosure of information of financial - assets management companies , " and the " procedures for the punishment of illegal and irregular behavior of financial - assets management companies . "
second , it is necessary to improve the corporate management mechanism of financial - assets management companies , and resolve the problems of short - term behavior and moral risks in the operation of financial - assets management companies in terms of system , mechanism , and management .
third , it is necessary to strengthen and improve the supervision and management of financial - assets management companies .
relevant supervisory departments of the financial - assets management companies should divide the work and cooperate with one another , conscientiously perform their supervisory duties , form a joint force for supervision and management , and improve their supervisory efficiency .
fourth , it is necessary to continue to do a good job in the investigation and study of relevant policies and promote the improvement of the external environment for the disposal of assets , including the market environment , the legal and policy environment , and the construction of the market infrastructure for the exchange of bad assets .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) hong kong and macao residents applying to set up individual industrial and commercial households in shanghai to enjoy " green passage "
xinhua news agency , shanghai , december 30 ( reporter yu lihong ) as of january 1 , 2005 , hong kong and macao residents applying for the establishment of individual industrial and commercial households in shanghai will not need to be approved by foreign - funded departments . the applicants can directly download the registration form from the industrial and commercial website , and the 20 industrial and commercial sub-bureaus in the city will set up a " green channel " to receive applications .
this reporter has learned from the shanghai municipal administration of industry and commerce that the procedures for hong kong and macao residents to apply for the establishment of individual industrial and commercial households in shanghai are not complicated , and the materials that need to be submitted include the " application for the establishment of a registration of individual industrial and commercial households ( hong kong and macao residents ) " signed by the applicant , the identity documents and identity documents of the applicant , and other documents submitted by the state laws and regulations .
beginning 1 january 2005 , the shanghai industrial and commercial department will set up a special window and " green passage " at 20 sub-bureaus in the city to provide a one - stop service for hong kong and macao residents to apply for the registration of individual industrial and commercial households .
in addition , the shanghai industrial and commercial department has also set up a window on the official website ( www . sb . gov . cn ) for hong kong and macao residents to apply for the registration of individual industrial and commercial households in the mainland , and the applicant can directly download it .
the applicant can also find out the relevant information through online consultation , and the shanghai industrial and commercial website will give a reply within two working days to any questions concerning hong kong and macao residents applying for the registration of individual industrial and commercial households in shanghai .
it has been learned that the scope of operation permitted by hong kong and macao residents to apply for the registration of individual industrial and commercial households in shanghai is : the retail ( excluding tobacco retail ) , restaurants , residents ' services , and other service industries , such as hair and beauty care services , washing services , household electrical appliances repair , and other daily necessities , but they do not include the licensed operation .
at the same time , the composition of individual industrial and commercial households in hong kong and macao is limited to individual operations , with no more than eight employees and no more than 300 square meters of business space .
( international ) yugansk 's assets at auction will not be included in russian natural gas industry shareholding company
xinhua news agency report of december 30 th from moscow ( by staff reporter song shiyi ) - russian president 's office director and chairman of the russian natural gas industry company , medell , said to the media on the 30 th that the russian natural gas industry company will merge with the russian oil company as scheduled in january next year , but the assets of the russian oil company 's largest subsidiary , yugansk , will not be included in the assets of the russian natural gas industry company .
according to another report , russian minister of industry and energy khristenko said on the same day that the assets of yugansk , which were sold at the auction , would not be included in the assets of the russian natural gas industry company . this is mainly because the state is already the main shareholder of the russian oil and natural gas industry corporation , and the state does not want to increase its shares outside the controlling share .
he said yugansk 's assets would be separated alone and transferred to a wholly state - owned company .
on the 19 th of this month , the russian federation property fund held a public auction of the 76.79 percent stake of yugansk , the largest subsidiary of yukos oil company , and the newly formed bekal financial group won the bid at a price of 9.35 billion us dollars .
on the 22 nd , the state - owned russian oil company announced the acquisition of bekal financial group , which won the stake in yugansk , as a new shareholder of yugansk .
analysts believe that an important reason for russia 's clever operation in the auction of yugansk 's assets is that it is in a dominant position in relevant legal disputes .
in september this year , russian president putin approved the merger of the russian natural gas industry corporation .
the company , founded in february 1993 , is the largest natural gas company in the world .
the company holds 65 percent of russia 's natural gas reserves .
last year , the company 's natural gas output accounted for 93 percent of russia 's total output and 20 percent of the world 's total .
( earthquake ) tsunami hits indian state of tamil eelam
xinhua news agency , qinzhou , india , december 31 ( reporter jiang yaoping ) - the fishery industry in the state of tamil eelam in the southeastern part of india is developed .
the state has a long coastline of more than 1,000 kilometers , with an annual export of 370,000 tons of seafood and a foreign exchange of 23 billion rupees ( 1 us dollar to 43 rupees ) to the local government .
however , a rare tsunami triggered by a strong earthquake in the indian ocean on the 26 th caused unprecedented damage to local fishery production .
according to an authoritative source from the fishing industry in the capital of the state of tamil eelam , the sudden disaster had a huge impact on the state 's fishery production .
because there was no prior warning and precautionary measures , fishing vessels were all parked in the harbour .
as a result , more than 7,000 aircraft boats and more than 30,000 fireboats in the state were damaged to varying degrees , accounting for more than 80 percent of all vessels , and more than 30,000 fishing nets were damaged .
in an interview with xinhua on the 31 st , a responsible person of the chinai fishing federation said that even if the fishing boats were repaired , the fishermen did not dare to go to the sea in recent months , because they saw with their own eyes the storm and cruelty of the sea .
some people have lost their loved ones and their property has been damaged , and their psychological fear will stay for a considerable period of time .
according to estimates , the state 's fishery output in 2005 will be about 30 percent lower than that in 2004 .
during the tsunami disaster on the 26 th , most of the coastal fishing villages in the state of tamil eelam were hit and became the most serious disaster - stricken area in india .
up to the 30 th , more than 6,230 people have died in the state , most of whom are fishermen .
about 68,000 people in the state were affected by the tsunamis , and 85 percent of them were engaged in fishery production .
at present , the indian government is actively carrying out rescue work in an effort to restore local fishermen 's livelihood and fishery production as soon as possible .
shanghai airport bid farewell to the old year and greet the new in ice and snow
xinhua news agency , shanghai , january 1 ( feng yizhen and su jianwei ) - the staff of the shanghai airport bid farewell to the old year and greet the new in the snow and snow .
after two days of struggle against snow and snow , the staff of the shanghai airport group welcomed the last flight in 2004 at 2350 on the 31 st .
the operation of the m2566 flight from sydney to shanghai by the eastern airlines landed at the pudong airport in shanghai , and the transportation production of the shanghai civil aviation in 2004 has been completed .
in 2004 , the two major airports in shanghai took off and took off nearly 330,000 sorties , up 35 percent over the same period of last year , and the number of passengers transported by 36 million , up 45 percent over the same period of last year , with a net increase of 11.2 million people , and the volume of cargo handling exceeding 2.25 million tons , up nearly 40 percent over the same period last year , a net increase of 640,000 tons over the previous year .
in 2004 , the shanghai airport added another 16 cities for international scheduled flights , and the number of foreign airlines newly opened scheduled flights in shanghai reached five .
at present , there are 76 domestic cities and 86 international and regional cities , 11 domestic airlines and 38 international and regional airlines operating scheduled flights to shanghai .
in the last two days at the end of the year , the airport was closed for a time , the parking area was full of aircraft , and a large number of flights were delayed .
however , with the joint efforts of civil aviation staff , the last day at the end of the year , the air traffic was maintained smooth and the operational order was restored to normal .
wu nianzu , president of the airport group , who has been working with the airport staff , announced at midnight that the shanghai airport group has realized the fifth safety year , and this is also the 17 th safety year of the shanghai hongqiao airport .
wu nianzu said : in 2005 , the shanghai hongqiao airport will undergo a comprehensive renovation , the airport runway , the boarding process , and the appearance of the waiting building will be fully repaired , and the second runway of the pudong airport will be put into use . the first phase of the airport will be transformed , and the passenger handling capacity of the two major airports in shanghai is expected to reach 42 million passengers in 2005 .
famous chinese musicians perform new year concert in hangzhou
xinhua news agency report of january 2 from hangzhou ( by staff reporter qu chuan ) - the light and fast " song of spring " , the classic " blue danube " , and the chinese mainland premiere of the " salsea " and the " small violin recital " by schuster . on the evening of new year 's day , the hangzhou people listened to a new year concert performed by the global chinese star orchestra .
the music of the concert is all classic works in vienna , the capital of music .
the meticulous attitude of the artists brought about the success of the new year concert .
with 1,600 seats in the music hall , the audience will always be immersed in the music of world music .
the global chinese star orchestra , including the principal and deputy principal members of a number of well - known overseas bands , is well - known , such as the united states ' violin ensemble , the chief violinist of the berlin german symphony orchestra , and the principal violinist of the los angeles philharmonic orchestra , mr wang bin .
they represent the level of chinese classical music in europe .
this is the first visit to the mainland by the orchestra .
the orchestra made its first appearance at the hong kong handover ceremony in 1997 and was a great success , and its style of performance was both soft and soft , and its style was naturally smooth , and it was very strong and prudent , and did not lose the details .
water lan , artistic director of the singapore symphony orchestra , who is the conductor of the orchestra , said that although the musicians are distributed in various european , american , and asian countries and regions , and the schedule is tight , in order to ensure the quality of the performance , they have gathered in hangzhou ahead of time and conducted two days of rehearsal .
( sports ) schumacher : age is not a problem
xinhua news agency , london , january 2 , the " king of the car " shumae will reach the age of 36 on the 3 rd of this month . however , this one - class formula ( f1 ) , the oldest germans in active service , believes that age is not an obstacle to his advancement toward higher achievements .
during his 15 - year career in the 1 st century , schumacher took part in 212 sub - stations , 83 of which won the championship .
he also won the annual cycling championship seven times .
schumacher said on his personal website : " after taking part in the competition for so many years , i will surely leave many injuries on my body , but the injuries are not serious .
i feel that i am now in good health .
to be honest , i think i am much younger than 36 .
i often play golf with my colleagues , for example , allongso .
i am 10 years old than him , but people cannot see such a big difference between us at the stadium . "
many people believe that because of the long " victory " of schumacher , the competition has lost concern about the f1 , and it has turned out that there is no question of it .
when asked whether he was somewhat tired of the racing because of his lack of competitors , schumacher gave a very firm answer : " no , i am not tired at all , especially psychologically . "
i am still very enthusiastic about this sport . "
the new season 's f1 competition will start with the australian championship competition on march 6 .
looking forward to the upcoming 2005 season , schumacher is still full of confidence in victory .
he said : " like the previous season , i am full of thirst for victory .
in sports competitions , you cannot always be immersed in the achievements of the past . you should constantly meet the challenges , and i am very eager to accept the challenges . "
hainan province 's fixed asset investment to reach 34 billion yuan in 2005
xinhua news agency , haikou , january 3 ( reporter wang yingcheng ) this reporter learned from the hainan provincial people 's government that in 2005 , hainan province 's fixed assets investment will reach 34 billion yuan , so as to accelerate infrastructure construction and increase investment in key industries .
it is learned that in 2005 , hainan province invested 22.2 billion yuan in capital construction , 1.3 billion yuan in renovation and transformation , 5.5 billion yuan in real estate development , and 5 billion yuan in urban and rural collective and private investment .
at the same time , in 2005 , hainan will invest 10.5 billion yuan in 34 provinces ' key construction projects , raise the level of infrastructure , speed up the expansion of the meilan and phoenix airports , build two reservoirs in the second phase of the dalong and the daguang dam , expand the two docks at the haikou port and eight ports , build the haikou city expressway and the western expressway link , and start the construction of the fourth phase of the haikou power plant .
supporting the " three agricultural " development is one of the focal points of hainan province 's fixed assets investment in 2005 .
hainan will step up the work and support of the drought - fighting and disaster - relief organizations , increase the funds for the construction of wells and water - diversion facilities , strengthen the construction of agricultural infrastructure , speed up the construction of large water conservancy projects , exempt the agricultural tax , abolish the tax on animal husbandry , increase the subsidies for the peasants in the main grain - producing areas , support the processing of agricultural products and the leading agricultural enterprises , intensify the training of rural labor force , and organize peasants to work in the rural areas .
in 2005 , hainan province will continue to increase investment in public services and social undertakings .
it is necessary to ensure the timely completion of water supply , disease control centers in cities and towns , the transformation of primary and middle schools , and the hainan province library .
( fax from hometown of overseas chinese ) the per capita net income of shishi farmers ranks first in fujian province
xinhua news agency , fuzhou , january 5 ( wang fanfan and li bingyuan ) - according to a relevant department of shishi city , fujian province , in 2004 , the per capita net income of peasants in this city reached 8038 yuan , an increase of 10% over the same period of last year , ranking first in various counties and cities in fujian province .
after the implementation of the tax reform in 2004 , the total annual burden on peasants in this city reached 722.72 million yuan , with a negative rate of 85.6 percent , and an average of 41.5 yuan per capita .
shi lion , " china 's leisure and clothing city , " has won the title of " 100 strong counties ( cities ) with basic competitiveness in the national county economy , and fujian province 's top 10 counties ( cities ) with economic strength .
since 2004 , the city has accelerated the process of modern agricultural construction , and marked results have been achieved in agricultural and rural work .
at present , shishi city has taken the lead in the whole province in providing public transportation to every village , providing water for every village , and providing cable television service to every village .
at present , the urbanization level of this city has reached 51 percent , ranking first in the province 's county - level city .
the city has also vigorously promoted the integration of the minimum living standards for urban and rural residents and the new type of medical insurance for all the people in rural areas .
the standard of low security for rural residents has been raised from an average of 100 yuan per month to 200 yuan equivalent to that of urban residents .
the new type of medical insurance for all the people in the rural areas , which each person needs to pay a medical insurance fee of 60 yuan per year , is only required to pay 10 yuan , and the rest are the financial burden of the cities and towns . at present , 106 thousand peasants enjoy this policy .
in 2004 , shishi city 's budget for agricultural aid was 20.2 million yuan , an increase of 10.38% over the same period last year .
through the free vocational and technical training of rural labor force , a total of 1,017 people were transferred to work in the whole year .
the city of shishi has also allocated 5 million yuan from the financial budget as a new start - up and reward fund for the transformation of old and new towns in the rural areas . at present , the number of old and new villages has reached 86 , accounting for 85 percent of the total number of administrative villages , and plans to complete the task of transforming old and new buildings in an all - round way in 2005 .
( sports ) the state council adjusted the leading body of the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 6 ( reporter wang yong ) the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games held its 50th executive meeting on the 6 th . liu qi , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee , secretary of the beijing municipal cpc committee , and chairman of the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games , announced the state council 's circular on the appointment and removal of the beijing olympic organizing committee , and state councilor chen zhili ( female ) was concurrently the first vice chairman of the beijing olympic organizing committee .
the readjusted leading body of the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games is liu qi , chairman of the beijing organizing committee , chen zhili ( female ) , first vice chairman , liu peng , director of the state sports general administration , wang qishan , mayor of beijing municipality , and deng pufang , chairman of the china federation of the disabled .
executive vice chairmen liu jingmin , li zhijian , wang wei , yu zaiqing , duan shijie , jiang xiaoyu , zhang mao , li binghua , yang shuan , and tang koizumi ( female ) .
liu qi said at the meeting that this adjustment is an important measure for implementing the spirit of the instructions of the party central committee and the state council on the preparatory work for the olympic games , further strengthening the building of the leading body of the olympic organizing committee , and meeting the requirements of the preparatory work for the new stage .
he said : this adjustment is necessary to further bring into play the institutional advantages , give play to the leading role of the olympic games , further strengthen coordination and cooperation with the central ministries and commissions , the state sports general administration , and the beijing municipality , and form a joint force .
he said : beginning this year , all preparatory work will be carried out in an all - round way .
the party central committee , the state council , the state sports general administration , and the relevant departments of beijing municipality must further support and cooperate with each other in the construction of the venues , the development of the market , the propaganda and culture , the sports competition , the construction of the technical system , and the service of the games .
the adjusted leadership group will significantly improve the ability of the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games to coordinate and integrate various resources .
( sports ) shakespeare withdraws from hong kong internet soccer tournament
xinhua news agency , hong kong , january 7 ( reporter ge hua ) in this year 's hong kong tennis world championship challenge , the main player of the competition , shakespeare , announced on the 7 th that she had also withdrawn from the competition after the czech republic 's young star , the czech republic , withdrew from the competition due to illness .
when explaining the news of her withdrawal from the competition , shakespeare said : " at 2 : 00 p.m . yesterday , my stomach was awakened , and i felt that i was cold all over the body .
i called the hotel doctor and received initial treatment .
after i got up this morning , i felt very weak and weak , and i felt that i might not be able to take part in today 's competition .
doctors also reminded me to maintain adequate rest before next monday . "
shakespeare apologized to the fans who came to watch her competition on the spot . she said : " i am very sad . i love hong kong . i hope to do a good match for the fans here . however , because of my health , i really cannot uphold it ! "
" the withdrawal of shakespeare was a big blow to the competition and the fans , but we first want shakespeare to be healthy . "
in order to make up for the " injured heart " of the fans , the organizers of the games , which are in a difficult situation , made a temporary adjustment of the competition and launched a rare three - game two - victory wheel war .
a few days ago , vitorova , who has withdrawn from the competition due to her ill health , will take part in the " fire - fighting " campaign . she will be matching with the russian young man zivanova to meet the challenge of the two super - strong teams , namely , the two sides , the two sides , and the two sides of the world .
( international ) china 's scientific expedition team to reach the highest point of antarctic ice cap
xinhua news agency , urumqi , january 8 ( reporter cao yu and shen an ) - zhang zhanhai , head of china 's 21st antarctic scientific expedition team , said on the 8 th that the chinese scientific expedition team has overcome many difficulties and reached the highest level of 50 kilometers from the antarctic inland ice cap , and it is expected that china will be successful in the next two days , thus making china the first country in the world to land in the world , which is called " a country that is not close to the earth . "
zhang zhanhai told xinhua reporters that one of the important objectives of the inspection tour of the " dome - a " is to prepare for the establishment of the third china scientific research station in the hinterland of the antarctic in the future , and to establish a climate environmental monitoring system between the zhongshan station and the " dome - a " .
the team has 13 members , the oldest being 54 , the youngest 26 , and the average age of more than 40 .
seven of them had previously participated in the antarctic inspection , and three of them had participated in the study of high mountains and glaciers in china .
zhang zhanhai said that the ice - covered scientific research was basically carried out according to the plan , but it encountered many difficulties during the period .
the biggest test was that one of the eight snow sals was broken , with the result that the entire team was unable to move forward .
for this reason , all the team members had no choice but to return 60 kilometers , and continued to move forward after the new snow sings were replaced at the headquarters .
another difficulty is altitude reaction .
many members of the team went up to a height of 3,800 meters , and their reaction to the mountain was quite obvious , their breathing was quick , and they had a bad heart reaction .
relying on the spirit of unity and hard work , the scientific research team members overcame numerous difficulties on their way forward .
( tsunami relief ) china radio international and china charity association to jointly hold radio disaster relief show
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 9 ( reporter zhu yu and zhou tingyu ) the reporter learned from the china charity association that on the 13 th , the china international broadcasting station and the china charity association will jointly launch a disaster relief broadcast , and cui jian will lead the chinese original music elite in disaster relief .
this is another charity performance following the " great action of love " on 6 june and the " love from china " on 9 july .
the disaster relief exercise , named " arm 10d " , will be staged in beijing 's candy entertainment space at 8 : 00 p.m . on the 13th .
at that time , there will be a large number of talented domestic musicians , such as the flower band , the longkuan 9 th section , and the trojan horse band , who will join hands to help the indian ocean disaster victims and express their love .
all the donations made by individuals and enterprises in the event will be donated to the disaster - stricken areas in the indian ocean through the china charity association .
on the evening of 13 july , the music channel of the china international broadcasting station will be broadcast live on the scene of the event at 8 : 00 p.m . to 10 : 00 p.m . , the audience in beijing and guangdong will be able to listen to the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the audio - visual show on the site of the disaster - relief program .
at the same time , the entire scene will also be broadcast live on the internet by the international on - line and ttm web site , and internet users from all over the country can also experience the grand scene of the disaster relief demonstration through the internet .
listeners and internet friends throughout the country can also participate in the disaster relief fund - raising activities through the consultation hotline or sms at any time to contribute their own love to the people in the indian ocean disaster areas .
( international ) south korea on trial broadcast of satellite digital multimedia broadcasting
xinhua news agency , seoul , january 10 ( reporter zhang jinfang ) the successful trial broadcast of south korea 's satellite digital multimedia broadcasting on the 10th marked the beginning of the era of digital multimedia broadcasting in south korea .
the so - called satellite digital multimedia broadcasting refers to the form of using satellites to broadcast multimedia broadcasting and television programs , and viewers can receive program signals in mobile terminals such as mobile phones .
on the morning of the 10th , the tband media company under the k - k communications company opened a total of nine channels for satellite digital multimedia broadcasting , including three television programs , including news , music , and television dramas , and six music programs , including the latest popular songs , old songs , and jazz music .
on the same day , the sk communications company introduced the first batch of 250 mobile phones capable of receiving satellite digital multimedia broadcasting , and some of the viewers received the satellite digital multimedia broadcasting programs with these mobile phones .
it has been learned that the rok government has listed satellite digital multimedia broadcasting as a key scientific and technological project , and has actively supported enterprises in developing satellite digital multimedia broadcasting technology and its products .
in april 2004 , the rok national assembly passed a revised " broadcasting law " to allow satellite digital multimedia broadcasting .
at the end of 2003 , the republic of korea 's salk communications company and japanese enterprises jointly set up a tband media company to prepare for the establishment of a satellite digital multimedia broadcasting station .
samsung electronics company and nmg electronics company have successfully developed mobile phones for receiving satellite digital multimedia broadcasting .
relevant departments in south korea have decided that the satellite digital multimedia broadcasting will first be broadcast on a trial basis for four months , starting from may this year .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) research institutes predict that hong kong 's economy will grow by about 6% in 2005
xinhua news agency , hong kong , january 11 ( reporter su xiao ) the asia - pacific economic cooperation research center of the university of hong kong said on the 11 th that the global economic environment is still optimistic this year , and it is estimated that hong kong 's economy will grow by about 6% this year , and will grow by 4.4% in the first quarter of this year .
at a news conference on " hong kong 's macroeconomic forecasts , " wang yu - chi , director of the hong kong greater asia - pacific economic cooperation research center , said that although the interest rate is expected to rise this year , the economic growth of hong kong 's major trade partners is slow , and the us and mainland china 's economy will grow by 3.6 percent and 8.5 percent respectively , the global economic environment in 2005 is still optimistic .
he said that the center forecasts that hong kong 's economy will maintain a growth rate of about 6% in 2005 , and consumer prices will rise by 3% at the end of the year .
the adjustment of the labour market is still slow , and the unemployment rate will be slightly reduced to around 6.3 per cent at the end of the year .
the instability caused by fluctuations in global oil prices remains the major uncertainties in hong kong 's economy .
the deputy director of the research centre , mr shao qizhen , said that the momentum of economic growth in the first quarter of this year would slow down , the gdp would grow by 4.4 percent , and the slowdown in growth reflected the gradual decline in hong kong 's external demand , as a result of the slower economic growth of hong kong 's major trading partners .
according to the report , hong kong 's real gdp in 2004 will have a strong growth of 8% , with the average price level only slightly down by 0.5% , and deflation also disappeared in the third quarter of last year .
zhou yiqing , chairman of the preparatory committee of the hong kong university 's " hong kong observation economic forecast , " said that the strong growth of hong kong 's economy in 2004 mainly reflects the strong economic foundation of hong kong , the strong competitiveness of the foreign trade market , and the benefits of the strong growth of the global economy and the rapid growth of the mainland 's market economy last year , and the end of the deflation problem has enabled the business people to enjoy more mobile cash .
( sino - foreign exchanges ) shanghai world expo becomes new link of sino - portuguese cooperation
xinhua news agency , shanghai , january 14 ( reporter wu yu and zhou jierong ) - visiting portuguese president sampaio attended the signing ceremony of the memorandum of cooperation between shanghai and portugal on world expo affairs on the evening of the 14 th .
this indicates that the 2010 world expo in shanghai is becoming a new link of cooperation between china and portugal .
sampaio said portugal has great enthusiasm and interest in fully participating in the organization of the shanghai world expo , and believes that with the efforts and wisdom of the chinese people , the shanghai world expo will be a success in five and a half years .
he stressed that as a rapidly developing international metropolis , shanghai is playing an increasingly important role in enhancing mutual understanding among the people of the whole world and the cause of world peace , and the shanghai world expo will surely become an important event .
sampaio expressed great hope for the cooperation between portugal and china in world expo affairs .
he said : at present , it is an important period for the development of the relations between portugal and china . it is hoped that with the shanghai world expo as a link , the good relations between the two countries will be further expanded from the political field to the economic , trade , cultural , tourism , and educational fields , and further promote the comprehensive development of the relations between the eu and china .
according to presentations , the cooperation between shanghai and portugal in world expo affairs involves the planning of the park , the design of the exhibition hall , the follow - up use of the exhibition equipment , and the various business plans , project management , operational procedures , and themes involved in the operation of the world expo , the media , the training of human resources , the security system , and the control and ticketing strategy .
prior to the signing of the mou , shanghai mayor han zheng met with president sampaio and his party .
( international ) you xianke calls for withdrawal of supporters from kiev
xinhua news agency , kiev , january 14 , the two presidential candidates in ukraine took a tit - for - tat action on the same day , according to media reports here today .
former prime minister yjinkovic filed a lawsuit with the supreme court demanding the overthrowing of the results of the presidential election announced by the central election commission , while the opposition leader , vitorino , asked his supporters to withdraw from the tents set up in the center of kiev for the protest activities .
a representative of the federation of southeast asian nations ( unkovic ) , shuvich , submitted 621 volumes of written materials and 233 sets of audio - video tapes to the supreme court as evidence .
he emphatically pointed out that if the court makes an unjust ruling , the supporters of aceh will launch a large - scale protest throughout the country .
at the same time , you xianke and his assistants discussed the issue of forming a new government .
he issued a statement on his campaign website , saying that he would establish a new government that is widely representative , and " invited all political forces inside and outside the parliament that are willing to build a country to join the cabinet . "
analysts pointed out that the move of the former soviet union in demanding the withdrawal of supporters from the center of kiev shows that he has confirmed that the supreme court will reject the appeal of the former yugoslavia , and that there is no obstacle to his election .
however , he did not set a specific time limit for the removal .
according to the official results of the second round of the presidential election released by the ukrainian central election commission on the evening of 10 april , 51.99 percent of the votes in the first round of voting were counted , and 44.20 percent of the votes were counted .
chinese government issues " regulations on protection of railway transportation safety "
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 15 , state council premier wen jiabao recently signed state council decree no. 430 to promulgate the " regulations on the protection of railway transportation safety . "
the " regulations " are divided into 103 articles and will come into force on 1 april 2005 .
the " regulations " are formulated in accordance with the " prc railway law " and the " prc law on safe production " in order to strengthen the management of railway transportation safety , ensure the safety and smooth flow of railway transportation , and protect personal safety , property safety , and other legitimate rights and interests .
the " regulations " point out that the departments in charge of railways under the state council are responsible for supervising and managing the safety of railway transportation throughout the country .
the railway management organization set up by the state council 's railway management department is responsible for supervising and managing the safety of railway transportation in the region .
the " regulations " said that the local people 's governments at all levels and the people 's governments at and above the county level in the areas along the railway should do a good job in the work related to the safety of railway transportation in accordance with their respective responsibilities , strengthen education on the safety of railway transportation , implement the responsibility system for the protection of roads , prevent and stop acts that endanger the safety of railway transportation , and coordinate and handle matters related to the safety of railway transportation .
the " regulations " point out that public security organs should , in accordance with their duties , divide the work , maintain public order at railway stations , trains , and other railway sites , and maintain law and order along the railway lines .
railway transportation enterprises should strengthen the management of railway transportation safety , establish and improve a safe production management system , set up safety management organs , and ensure the investment of funds needed for railway transportation safety .
railway transportation personnel should adhere to their posts , work according to procedures , fulfill their duties , and ensure transportation safety .
( international ) overseas chinese in japan support china 's anti - secession law
xinhua news agency , tokyo , january 18 ( reporter le shaoyan ) the china council for promoting peace held a meeting in the zhongshan memorial hall in yokohama a few days ago , expressing firm support for the chinese government 's formulation of the anti - secession law and its efforts to promote the great cause of the reunification of the motherland .
the meeting held that " taiwan independence " is the greatest harm to the interests of taiwan compatriots and is the greatest threat to the situation in the taiwan strait .
the formulation of the anti - secession law is conducive to cracking down on taiwan independence forces and their separatist activities , to peace and stability in the taiwan strait , and to the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation . fundamentally speaking , it is aimed at protecting the vital interests of the taiwan compatriots , and is a legal guarantee for realizing the aspirations of the broad masses of taiwan compatriots for peace , stability , and development .
the meeting also adopted a statement expressing firm support for the government 's formulation of an anti - secession law to safeguard china 's reunification .
the statement said : the extremely splittist activities carried out by the " taiwan independence " forces have fundamentally undermined the one - china principle and harmed the fundamental interests of the chinese nation .
it is the common will of overseas chinese and compatriots on both sides of the taiwan strait to stop the separatist acts of " taiwan independence " elements through legislation .
the statement held that the formulation of the anti - secession law fully reflects the great sincerity of the chinese government and people in upholding peaceful reunification and their firm determination to resolutely safeguard state sovereignty and territorial integrity , and has won popular support , and the broad masses of overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in japan fully support and resolutely support it .
the federation of overseas chinese and foreign nationals of chinese origin in japan , the association of overseas chinese in tokyo , and the association of people of taiwan province in japan also issued statements on the same day , expressing support for china 's formulation of an anti - secession law and resolutely safeguarding national reunification .
( international ) lima celebrates 470 th anniversary of founding of peru
xinhua news agency report of january 18 th from lima ( by staff reporter wang lu ) - the citizens of lima , the capital of peru , held large - scale and colorful cultural and entertainment activities in various parts of the city on the 18 th to solemnly celebrate the 470 th anniversary of the founding of the city .
public places such as parks and churches in lima city held various kinds of celebration activities organized by the municipal government and nongovernmental organizations on the same day , including the large - scale mass prayer meeting , the sale of national products , and the famous peruvian " infantry horse " performance .
lima , mayor of the city , said that the city , which has a long history , is developing in the direction of standardization and modernization , and he will put the improvement of the city 's economic environment and the improvement of social service projects in the first place .
on the evening of the 17 th , nearly 3,000 citizens watched a brilliant and colorful song and dance evening party held by the city government at the weapons square in the center . the five - colored lights were dressed in the ancient buildings around the square , and the famous song and dance artists performed ethnic songs and dances in different regions .
the city residents also watched fireworks display and celebrated the night together .
on january 18 , 1535 , spanish adventurer pizo came to the bank of the markus river to establish a lima city and set up a government house . he also said that this was to express his respect for the then spanish king juan carlos 5 and the king of the queen mary , and that lima was called the " king 's city . "
after peru became independent in 1821 , lima became a national political , economic , and cultural center .
at present , the city 's area has increased from 2.14 square kilometers in the early days of the founding of the city to more than 2,600 square kilometers , and the population has increased to about 8 million , accounting for about 31 percent of the country 's total population .
( international ) argentine vice president and senate president meet with li tieying
xinhua news agency , buenos aires , january 19 ( reporter cao yu and shen an ) when meeting with li tieying , vice chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress [ npc ] of china , and a delegation of the chinese people 's congress [ npc ] led by li tieying at the government palace on the 19 th , argentine vice president and president of the senate , expressed the hope to further strengthen the friendly and cooperative relations between argentina and china in various fields .
xiao li said : in 2004 , the two countries exchanged visits by top leaders , established a strategic partnership , signed a series of friendly and cooperative agreements , and continued to develop friendly relations between the two countries .
at present , the relations between the two countries are in the best period in history , and it is hoped that the two sides will further strengthen all - round cooperation in the future , especially exchanges between the argentine parliament and the chinese npc .
xiaoli said that argentina attaches great importance to developing strategic partnership with china and learn from china 's valuable experience in economic development .
argentina agrees with the one - china stand .
li tieying first conveyed chairman wu bangguo 's regards to vice president and senate president xiao li .
li tieying said : in 2004 , the exchange of visits between the argentine president and chinese president hu jintao and the decision to establish a strategic partnership between the two countries have entered a new stage in sino - argentine relations .
the chinese government attaches great importance to developing relations with latin american countries , including argentina .
li tieying said : the chinese government appreciates argentina 's adherence to the one - china stand .
li tieying and his entourage arrived in buenos aires on 18 april for a friendly visit to argentina at the invitation of the argentine national assembly .
he also met with argentine house of representatives speaker karmano .
the chinese npc delegation led by li tieying will also pay friendly visits to uruguay and brazil .
( international ) cis collective security treaty plans to strengthen military strength to deal with threats
xinhua news agency , moscow , january 20 , the secretary general of the commonwealth of independent states ( cis ) collective security treaty , bolzza , said on the 20th that the organization would strengthen its military strength to cope with the major threats facing the contemporary world , such as international terrorism , drug trafficking , illegal immigration , and organized crime .
speaking at an international symposium on the organization of the collective security treaty of the commonwealth of independent states ( cis ) held in moscow on the same day , bolzizza said that the joint forces of the organization , which are currently being established in central asia , will have a series of practical measures to ensure that the joint forces of russia and belarus in eastern europe and the experience of the russian and armenian troops in the caucasus .
he said : according to the joint military construction plan for the period from now to 2010 , the organization will establish a unified air defense , communications , and information investigation support system in central asia .
at the same time , we will also formulate a unified standard for the training of military personnel and establish relevant material and technological reserves .
bolzizza pointed out that the establishment of a rapid reaction force of the commonwealth of independent states ( cis ) collective security treaty is conducive to curbing the extremist forces in central asia , and that the force has demonstrated this strength in last year 's military exercise .
he stressed that the organization would not use troops in areas outside its member states .
the cis collective security treaty organization has six member states , namely , russia , armenia , kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan , tajikistan , and belarus .
its predecessor was the collective security treaty of the commonwealth of independent states signed by the six countries in 1992 .
in may 2002 , the council of the collective security treaty of the commonwealth of independent states decided to change the " collective security treaty of the commonwealth of independent states " into the " collective security treaty organization of the commonwealth of independent states " and set up a military management organization of the collective security treaty .
at the same time , beijing also promulgated seven safety management standards for " personnel - intensive " sites
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 24 ( reporter zhang shanmiao wentao ) the beijing municipal commercial administration bureau , the cultural bureau , and the yuanlin bureau jointly issued on the 24 th seven safety management regulations on " personnel - intensive places " such as shopping malls and parks .
lu hao , vice mayor of beijing , believes that the formulation and release of these seven safety management standards is a concrete embodiment of the standardization of beijing 's safety quality .
the " beijing municipality 's shopping malls and supermarkets safety management standards ( trial implementation ) , " " beijing municipality 's safety management standards ( trial implementation ) , " " beijing municipality 's internet service business sites safety management standards ( trial implementation ) , " and " beijing municipality 's park , scenic spots , and scenic spots safety management regulations ( trial implementation ) , " and other seven safety management regulations , such as the " beijing municipality 's regulations on the safety of the performing venues , " have also set strict standards for the
liu sheng , chief engineer of the beijing municipal garden forestry bureau , told this reporter that the seven " regulations " have for the first time studied and made explicit stipulations on the relationship between the operating area and the number of customers in the shopping malls , supermarkets , and cinemas and parks . for example , the " regulations on the safety management of beijing 's parks , scenic spots , and places of historical interest ( trial ) " clearly stipulate that the park management organs should be able to receive tourists in accordance with the " park design standards . "
the seven " regulations " will be implemented on a trial basis within two months before and after the spring festival , and will be formally implemented at the same time on 24 march 2005 .
