guangdong exports 3.76 billion us dollars worth of high - tech products in first two months
xinhua news agency , guangzhou , march 16 ( reporter chen ji ) the latest statistics show that from january to february this year , the export of new and high - tech products in guangdong province was 3.76 billion us dollars , an increase of 34.8% over the same period last year , accounting for 25.5% of the total export value of the whole province .
the bright spots in the export of new and high - tech products are frequent , and this has made important contributions to the growth of guangdong 's foreign trade .
last year , the export of new and high - tech products in guangdong province was 22.234 billion us dollars , up 31 percent over the same period last year , up 27.2 percentage points over the same period of last year , and the net increase in the export of new and high - tech products was 5.27 billion us dollars , making up for the decrease in the export of traditional labor - intensive products due to the decline in prices .
among the export of new and high - tech products in guangdong , computer and communications technology products outshine others , with a total export volume of 19.14 billion us dollars last year , accounting for 85.9 percent of the province 's total export value of high - tech products .
the main markets for the export of guangdong 's new high level technology products are hong kong , the united states , the european union , and japan .
last year , the total export volume of new and high - tech industrial belts in the pearl river delta reached $ 21.9 billion , accounting for 98.7 percent of the total export volume of new and high - tech products in the whole province .
this leading role is still very prominent this year .
at present , more than 95 percent of the computers are installed in the pearl river delta region , which can provide all computer parts other than cpcom .
fifa to severely punish soccer bookmaking
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 17 , the international football federation ( fifa ) announced here today that in the world cup this year , the law enforcement division will adopt more stringent measures to deal with those players who are making profits by means of deception .
the fifa executive board said in a press release that they would give full support to the judges in strictly enforcing the law , especially those who deceive the audience .
the fifa executive committee also announced some reform measures .
the fifa rules that starting from july 1 this year , the players will not be allowed to write any words on the players ' vest , and the fifa will allow the players to show up in their sports uniforms , but they must be in front of the sports uniforms .
suicide bombing in jerusalem
xinhua news agency , jerusalem , march 17 ( reporter zhong cuihua and nie xiaoyang ) on the afternoon of the 17 th , a man exploded a bomb carrying him by a bus in a residential area in northern jerusalem , killing himself on the spot , while nine others were slightly injured and were sent to hospital for medical treatment .
at present , the police have sealed off the scene of the explosion .
less than two hours ago , a palestinian shooting took place in the northern israeli town of qassam .
according to the latest report , a 16 - year - old israeli girl was killed and at least 12 others were injured .
the gunmen were killed by police .
so far , no organization has claimed responsibility for the attack .
the israeli prime minister 's office condemned the shooting .
israeli prime minister sharon said on the same day that although israel and palestine are currently making cease - fire efforts , the israeli side will respond to any attack .
competition to mark 5 th anniversary of hong kong 's return to china
xinhua news agency , hangzhou , march 18 , this year is the fifth anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland , and it is also the first time that china has promulgated and implemented the " code of conduct of state civil servants . " in order to celebrate these two happy events , a public servant painting and painting competition with the theme of " state civil servants -- the people 's public servants " will be carried out in hong kong , macao , and mainland civil servants .
the competition was sponsored by the hong kong wen wei po , the china mayors ' association , and the hong kong cultural and recreational affairs department .
civil servants participating in the competition will create the scenery of various parts of the motherland in the form of chinese paintings , and write poems , and will also use the code of conduct jointly observed by civil servants as the content of the work of calligraphy . they will also encourage civil servants to be honest in performing their official duties , to be diligent and pragmatic , and to fulfill their duties , so as to improve the cultural and professional standards of civil servants .
the competition will highlight the festive atmosphere of the fifth anniversary of hong kong 's return to the motherland and fully demonstrate the artistic charm of chinese painting and painting .
it has been learned that the collection of works for this painting and painting competition will be closed on 20 april 2002 .
the winning entries will be published and distributed on the fifth anniversary of the reunification of hong kong .
african national assembly opposes sanctions against zimbabwe
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , march 18 ( reporter : plateau ) - the general secretary of the south african national congress ( african national assembly ) of the ruling party of south africa ( african national assembly ) , brundtland , criticized the united states , britain , and other western countries here on the 18 th in an attempt to force zimbabwe to act according to the wishes of western countries through sanctions .
in view of the threat posed by western countries to impose sanctions on zimbabwe , moeller told the press : " who should be the leader of zimbabwe is the matter of the zimbabwean people , and it cannot be decided by western countries . "
he pointed out that mutual respect for national sovereignty is an international norm that every country must abide by , and the african national assembly resolutely opposes the sanctions imposed by western countries against a sovereign state .
if the western countries further impose sanctions on zimbabwe , it will not only do nothing but also aggravate social unrest in zimbabwe , he said .
he called on the zimbabwean government and opposition parties to work together to overcome the food shortage and land crisis .
he stressed that only by strengthening unity will it be possible to defeat any attempt to split zimbabwe .
earlier , the african national assembly issued a statement demanding that the international community respect the choice of the zimbabwean people and help them tide over the difficulties .
zimbabwean president robert mugabe was re - elected in the presidential election from march 9 to 11 , but western countries accused the election of being a serious violation of the law and lack of fairness and freedom , and refused to acknowledge the outcome of the election and threatened to impose further sanctions against zimbabwe .
at present , some western countries have announced an end to their economic aid to zimbabwe .
before the election , eu countries had imposed " targeted " sanctions on zimbabwe on the grounds that the zimbabwean government restricted freedom of the press and blocked supervision .
french athletes participating in the disabled winter olympics returned to paris with honors .
xinhua news agency , paris , march 18 ( reporter wang jingcheng ) french athletes who took part in the disabled winter olympics held in the us city of salt lake from march 7 to 16 returned to paris today .
at the charles de gaulle airport , the athletes were warmly welcomed by the french minister of youth and sports , the french minister of family , children and disabled people , and relevant people .
the french team participating in the eighth paralympic games held in the us city of salt lake won 19 medals in this year 's games , among which female athletes won nine medals , including one gold medal , and male athletes won 10 medals , including one gold medal .
this is the best result achieved by the french delegation in the winter olympics .
speaking at the welcoming ceremony , seville said that french athletes have changed their views on them with their special performance , and the french people are grateful for their outstanding contributions to the struggle to change people 's views on the disabled .
in his speech , minister bi fei said that the french government will , as always , continue to support disabled sports .
jordan 's first sunday injury breaks out
xinhua news agency report of march 19 th from washington ( by staff reporter xie peilin ) - " flying man " jordan is expected to recover on sunday at the earliest after receiving the right knees surgery . however , as the regular competition is approaching the end , it seems that washington 's talent team will find it difficult to attack the after - season game .
the coach of the talent team , john collins , revealed today that jordan has now stepped up the heat of the cordon . although he still does not want to appear in denver and salt lake city on wednesday and thursday , he is very likely to go to toronto on sunday to rewear his talent team clothes to challenge the current poor team .
collins said : " he may appear at any time , and all this depends on his feeling .
at present , the focus of his training is on defense , and at the same time , he is also practicing throwing a basket .
he is prepared to increase the intensity of his body to check whether his body is fit .
as far as his knees is concerned , he said that at least 100 percent better than before the surgery . "
jordan scored an average of 243.30 points in this season . he received an operation three weeks ago . during this period , the team won four wins and eight losses .
at present , there are only 15 regular matches , with a total of 31 wins and 36 losses , with the eastern alliance in the 10 th place , and the miami warm - up team in the 10 th place .
the coach naturally hoped that jordan 's return would bring about a leap in the quality of the team and at least be able to win one victory after another within a short period of time , so that the hope of the post - season games would start again .
collins said : " if jordan is not absent due to injury , we can win at least three more games earlier . "
as far as the current situation is concerned , he is fully capable of activating the team in a timely manner . "
south korea to send message to north korea on resumption of talks
xinhua news agency , seoul , march 19 ( reporter zhang li ) according to a report by the south korean united news agency , the south korean government has submitted a request to indonesian president megawati , hoping that she will convey to north korean leader kim chong - il the message that south korean president kim dae - jung hopes to resume south - north korean talks and north korean - us talks as soon as possible .
a person from the rok government said that the information content , including the rok , the united states , and japan , hopes to resolve the issue through dialogue with the dprk , and hopes that the dprk will adopt a positive attitude .
it is reported that indonesian president megawati will visit the dprk from 28 to 30 march and visit the rok from 30 march to 1 april .
the south korean government has conveyed this message to the indonesian side through diplomatic channels .
the south korean government denied the report by japan 's asahi shimbun that megawati would hand over a letter written by kim dae - jung to kim chong - il .
european central bank official says euro zone economy to pick up within this year
xinhua news agency , brussels , march 20 ( reporter wang xingqiao ) - the european central bank 's chief economist , dr. yassin , said here on the 20 th that the euro zone 's economy has walked out of the low ebb and will start to pick up at an accelerated pace this year .
yassin made the above remarks at a hearing held by the european parliament in brussels .
he said that the latest data show that the euro zone economy has picked up slowly at the beginning of this year , and it is expected that the economic recovery rate will accelerate within this year .
it is estimated that the euro zone 's economic growth rate this year will reach the level of 2% to 2.5% .
the economic recovery in the euro zone is mainly attributable to the growth of consumer spending and the current low level of commodity reserves in the euro zone , he said .
with regard to inflation , the overall inflation rate in the euro zone has dropped , and there is no indication that there will be a risk of price instability in the medium - term economic development .
when talking about the current world energy situation , yassin said that the recent rise in the world oil market prices has caused concern among the economic decision - makers of various countries , and the impact of the rising oil prices on the long - term economic trend should not be underestimated .
hong kong police first discover drug trafficking on the internet
xinhua news agency , hong kong , march 21 , the hong kong police have recently discovered that some people have been using the internet to smuggle drugs on the internet .
the narcotics division of the hong kong police force pointed out that this is the first time the hong kong police have discovered and should be taken seriously .
the hong kong police said that in the past year , a total of several cases of hong kong people using the internet to make use of credit card payment to buy ecstasy and other drugs were detected .
drug traffickers bought drugs in thailand and sent them to drug abusers in hong kong .
the chief superintendent of the narcotics bureau of the hong kong police force , mr ip lau - chuen , pointed out that a number of cases detected last year were mainly ordered on the internet with credit cards .
the hong kong police are working with the relevant disciplined services to crack down on this new crime .
at a recent conference on cross - boundary organised crime in hong kong , a responsible person of the united nations international narcotics committee pointed out that the online drug trafficking would be a new challenge for future law enforcement agencies .
last year , the security bureau of the hong kong special administrative region ( hksar ) completed consultation on computer crime and will amend the law to crack down on any act of using computers to commit crimes .
african university students urged not to turn africa into an area on the brink of new technology
xinhua news agency , abidjan , march 21 ( reporter song nan ) at the second forum of african colleges and universities , which opened on the 21st , university students attending the forum called on african youths to actively use high technology in information and communications to meet the challenge of economic globalization , and not to let the african continent become a " marginal region " in the new technology field .
in his speech , the chairman of the meeting held that high and new technology has promoted the development of asian , european , and american countries .
the arrival of the new century has brought many opportunities and challenges to the african continent , and african youths should strive to master new and high technologies and make their own contributions to the better future of africa .
the theme of this year 's forum of african institutions of higher learning is : " new technology , information , and exchanges will bring more opportunities to african talent training . "
during the three - day meeting , experts from more than 10 african institutions of higher learning and enterprises will discuss topics such as " the future and new technological challenges of africa , " " cultural diversity and economic development , " and " opportunities and prospects brought about by e - commerce to africa . "
a large - scale school culture exhibition will also be held during the conference .
indonesia reiterates opposition to foreign military presence
xinhua news agency , jakarta , march 22 ( reporter ma tong yuan ) the indonesian foreign ministry issued a press release on the 22nd , reiterating its opposition to foreign troops ' stationing in this island country .
the indonesian foreign ministry reiterated this stand in response to a report in the " usa today " on 20 march that the united states intends to send troops to indonesia to help crack down on the " al - qaeda " members who fled from afghanistan .
the statement said that the us government has never formally made the above request to the indonesian government , and this can also be confirmed from the us white house and the defense department 's denial of the report .
the communique reiterated that indonesia has pursued a positive and independent foreign policy , and that indonesia has carried out close and beneficial cooperation with the united states and other countries to jointly oppose terrorism , and the indonesian government is willing to continue to strengthen cooperation in this regard .
ukraine condemns u.s. interference in internal affairs
xinhua news agency , kiev , march 22 ( reporter zhang zhiqiang ) - ukrainian president kuchma made a statement to the press on the 22nd on the us house of representatives 's interference in ukraine 's internal affairs , saying that the resolution of the us house of representatives was an unprecedented event and " puzzling " .
on the 20th , the us house of representatives passed a resolution on the upcoming ukrainian parliament election , calling on ukraine to ensure a transparent , free , and just election on the 31 st of this month .
the resolution also pointed out that the ukrainian government should earnestly implement the new parliamentary election law , and the results of the election should indicate whether ukraine will continue to carry out democratic reforms .
kuchma said : " the ukrainian nation is not a soccer that is willfully manipulated by others , and the ukrainian people should have their own dignity . "
at the same time , kuchma also expressed his thanks to the president of the world federation of ukrainian people who is expected to send a letter to the us congress .
it is expected that in the letter , " see what you do . "
i studied at home first , and then went to teach others . "
on the same day , the leader of the ukrainian communist party , simonko , said that the us act is a gross interference in ukraine 's internal affairs and a threat to ukraine 's independence .
the u.s. house of representatives ' one - sided evaluation of the campaign will lead to the polarization of the political forces in ukraine , the leader of the ukrainian coalition social democratic party said .
a spokesman for the ukrainian foreign ministry said today that the election of the supreme legislative body and local legislature is purely the matter of the ukrainian people .
in the final stage of ukraine 's parliamentary election campaign , it is hoped that all countries will adopt a cautious attitude and abide by the norms of international law such as non - interference in internal affairs .
arab countries unanimously oppose us attack on iraq
xinhua news agency , riyadh , march 23 , according to a report by the " riyadh news " on the 23rd , lebanese president lahoud said in an interview with the newspaper 's reporter that although the arab summit has not yet opened , they have taken a unanimous stand on the iraq issue and opposed the us attack on iraq .
lahoud pointed out that no arab country agrees that the united states or its allies should strike at any arab country without proper reasons , and the united states must understand the consequences of such attacks , regardless of the pretext or pretext of the attack .
lahoud believes that cracking down on terrorism or " axis of evil " is an attractive pretext that affects western public opinion , but it is not necessary to engage in criminal activities under such a pretext .
he also urged the united states not to pursue double standards , that is , cracking down on terrorism in one region , but ignoring the national terrorist action taken by israel in another region .
( brief ) south korean senior officials to visit north korea in april
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 25 , a spokesman for the south korean presidential office announced on the 25 th in seoul that south korean president kim dae - jung 's special adviser for foreign affairs and security unification , lin dong - yuan , will visit north korea in the first week of april . he will hold talks with north korean officials on the exchange of visits by separated families and how to ease the tense relations between the south and the north of the korean peninsula .
the spokesman said : the dprk side hopes that the talks will " lay a foundation " for the resumption of south - north relations , but she did not mention the specific situation of the talks .
she said that the talks would be announced after the return of lin dong - yuan from north korea .
at the same time , the dprk central news agency also issued a brief statement on the same day , saying that president kim dae - jung 's special envoy will visit the dprk .
the statement said that the two sides will hold talks on the " serious situation " on the korean peninsula and issues of common concern .
indonesian parliament speaker on trial
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 25 , according to information received here , the indonesian parliament speaker akbar tanjung appeared at a court in jakarta on the 25 th on charges of corruption and redemption .
tanjung was accused of being responsible for the illegal embezzlement of $ 3.8 million worth of relief funds from the indonesian state food and food bureau .
it was reported that the funds were later used to finance the 1999 election campaign of the professional group led by tanjung .
these relief funds were originally used to provide some poor families affected by the financial crisis , but the investigators found that the funds were not in the hands of these families .
however , tanjung has denied the above charges .
analysts believe that no matter what the outcome of the trial is , this incident may weaken the hope that tanjung will be elected president of indonesia .
" forging ahead " postponed to space due to mechanical failure
xinhua news agency , washington , march 25 , the us national space agency said on the 25 th that due to technical problems in the canadian - made mechanical hands in the international space station , the launch of the " forging ahead " space shuttle will be postponed from may 6 to may 31 .
it is reported that the " forging ahead " will carry seven astronauts to the international space station for a 11 - day space flight .
these seven people include astronauts from france and russia .
a spokesman for the us national aviation and space agency said that the space station staff could take advantage of this sufficient time to remove the trouble , but the delay of the launch also means that they would have to patiently stay for three weeks and wait for the us pelosi and two other russian astronauts to replace them .
philippe perry , from france , is the first non - russian european astronaut to fly to the space station . he will walk in space two times at the beginning of the mission .
shell 's investment in china to reach 5 billion us dollars in three years
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 26 ( reporter qian chunxian ) the chairman of the shell group , wu zipei , said a few days ago that by 2005 , shell 's total investment in china will reach us $ 5 billion .
at the china development forum held here , he said shell 's investment in china has reached 1.6 billion us dollars , and some of the projects under planning will reach 5 billion us dollars in 2005 .
shell is currently negotiating with the chinese side on a number of cooperative projects .
among them , a joint venture with the china petrochemical corporation to set up 500 gas stations in jiangsu is expected to start this year .
he said shell has had business contacts with china for more than 100 years .
as far as shell is concerned , china has huge market potential and is an important part of its global strategy .
with the development of the economy , china 's energy demand is expected to double by 2020 , and by that time , china 's energy consumption will account for 16 percent of the world 's total .
china is facing severe energy challenges , and the diversification of energy sources is very important to energy safety and environmental protection , and shell will play an important role in this process .
xinhua news agency , united nations , march 26 ( reporter gu zhenqiu ) a un security council spokesman announced on the 26 th that the un security council delegation will visit the congo ( kinshasa ) and other african countries involved in the conflicts in the congo ( drc ) on april 27 , so as to inject new vitality into the peace process in the congo ( drc ) .
the spokesman said that the french permanent representative to the united nations lewis will be the head of the delegation and the delegation will be composed of representatives from 15 un security council members .
the main purpose of the visit is to hold dialogue with the leaders of all parties involved in the conflicts in the congo ( drc ) in order to promote the compliance of the peace accord signed by the parties in zambia 's capital of lusaka in 1999 .
this is the third time that the un security council has sent a delegation to visit the great lakes region of africa since may 2000 .
sri lanka to hold peace talks with tigers
xinhua news agency , colombo , march 27 ( reporter zhang yadong ) the sri lankan government announced on the 27th that it plans to hold peace talks with the rebel liberation tigers of tamil eelam in early may in order to end the nearly 20 - year - long bloody national conflicts in the country .
at a press conference held on the same day , the minister of justice , constitution , racial affairs , and national unity of sri lanka said that the sri lankan government and the tigers have agreed to hold peace talks as soon as possible , and the government hopes that the talks will be held in the first week of may .
he said : the initial talks will mainly make preparations for entering the substantive talks .
the slovak government has not yet officially announced the venue of the talks , but it has been reported that the peace talks between the two sides will be held in thailand .
pelosi said that the government plans to hold talks with the tigers in a certain asian country and has made relevant preparations for this .
according to another report , after three years of exile in london , the chief negotiator of the tigers in the northern part of sri lanka who had returned to the region under the control of the tigers on the 25 th , as well as the leader of the organization , pu abalam , recently held talks with the norwegian special envoy to the republic of sri lanka , the norwegian ambassador to slovakia , and so on .
after the talks , the tigers agreed to resume peace talks with the government when the regional situation under their control was restored to normal , but still insisted that the government lift the ban on them before the peace talks .
in february this year , the sri lankan government and the tigers signed a permanent ceasefire agreement , laying a foundation for the start of the talks between the two sides .
last year , china unicom 's net profit rose nearly 38%
xinhua news agency , hong kong , march 27 ( reporter li kai ) the china united telecommunications corporation , which is listed in hong kong , announced here today that in 2001 , china unicom has achieved good results in various business , with a total turnover of 29.393 billion yuan rmb and a net profit of 44.57 billion yuan , an increase of nearly 38% over the previous year .
as one of china 's comprehensive telecommunications operators , china unicom provides a variety of telecommunications services , including mobile communications , international and domestic long - distance , data , internet , and paging services .
china united telecommunications corporation announced that last year , the company 's long - distance telephone and e - phone service was 64.1 billion minutes , an increase of 5.9 times over the previous year , and its market share increased from 1.3 percent in 2000 to 7.7 percent , and the total international time for the whole year was 3.4 times more than the previous year .
yang xianzu , chief executive officer of china united telecommunications corporation , said that this year , the company will continue to speed up the development of mobile communications business and adopt a different strategy to ensure the coordinated development of the mobile communications business of the company , which will continue to increase the number of mobile phone users of the company .
china , japan sign currency exchange agreement
xinhua news agency , tokyo , march 28 ( reporter wang yan ) dai xianglong , governor of the people 's bank of china , and masaru hayami , governor of the bank of japan , signed a bilateral currency exchange agreement between the renminbi and the japanese yen in tokyo on the 28th .
according to the agreement , the people 's bank of china and the bank of japan can provide each other with a total of $ 3 billion worth of currency exchange arrangements to help maintain the stability of the financial market .
the signing of the currency exchange agreement between china and japan shows that the cooperation between the central banks of china and japan has been further strengthened .
the agreement is the second bilateral currency exchange agreement signed between the people 's bank of china and the bank of thailand in december 2001 .
in the future , china will also sign currency exchange agreements with the rok and some other countries .
dai xianglong said : china will actively participate in asian financial cooperation and is willing to work together with other asian countries and regions to make contributions to regional economic and financial stability and prevention of risks .
wu dawei , chinese ambassador to japan , attended the signing ceremony of the currency exchange agreement between the people 's bank of china and the bank of japan .
earthquake victims start rebuilding homes in afghanistan
xinhua news agency , kabul , march 28 ( reporter pan yunzhao ) just three days after the earthquake , earthquake victims in the northern afghan province of baghdad have begun rebuilding their homes .
the spokesman of the united nations humanitarian aid coordination office in afghanistan , libeka , told xinhua reporters that a central group formed by the afghan interim government , un organizations , and non - governmental organizations , during an inspection and assessment of the earthquake - stricken areas on the 28th , found that the disaster victims had already started rebuilding their own houses , and some of them also used relief materials provided by relief organizations to the disaster victims .
she said that based on this situation , the un rescue agency has begun to consider the issue of helping the disaster victims rebuild their homes .
at present , relief organizations have already had a large amount of relief supplies in the earthquake - stricken areas , and are being distributed to disaster victims through both ground and air means .
a strong earthquake measuring 5.1 on the richter scale has killed and injured tens of thousands of people , according to reports reaching here today .
japan temporarily freeze humanitarian aid to russia
xinhua news agency , tokyo , march 29 , japanese foreign minister kawaguchi announced on the 29 th that japan will temporarily freeze humanitarian aid to russia until the japanese side has rectified the international committee responsible for the aid projects .
kawaguchi said that in addition to maintaining the commission 's human expenditure and a technical cooperation project currently provided by japan to russia , the japanese government will control the funding assistance provided to russia by the committee until it is rectified .
the move was made in response to the recent remarks made by japanese finance minister masaru hayami .
the cabinet members should ensure that every fund of the government can be used in the light of the continued deterioration of japan 's financial situation .
it has been learned that the committee has been criticized by the outside world for dereliction of duty and the lack of transparency on the issue of the flow of funds after the deputy chief cabinet secretary takeo hiranuma put pressure on the ministry of foreign affairs and affected the application procedures for russian aid projects .
eu to hold talks with china on measures to safeguard steel imports
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 29 , shi guangsheng , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation , said here today that the eu has made a clear response to china 's concern about the eu 's temporary safeguard measures for some steel imports , and that it will hold consultations with the chinese side as soon as possible and make some special arrangements for china as a developing country to properly resolve this issue .
shi guangsheng answered reporters ' questions at a national foreign economic and trade legal work conference today .
he said : at present , the increasingly fierce trade war between steel products comes from the united states .
at present , all parties concerned are making accusations against the " 201 steel case " of the united states and their requests for bilateral consultations , and some have even proposed to resolve the issue through the wto dispute resolution mechanism .
on 27 march , after the eu decided to implement temporary safeguard measures against 15 kinds of steel imports from various countries , the chinese side made a timely response . shi guangsheng immediately sent a letter to eu trade commissioner lamy to express deep concern over this and proposed bilateral consultations with the eu .
seven killed in train collision in liaoning
xinhua news agency , shenyang , march 30 ( reporter wang jun ) at 14 : 13 on march 29 , a train - car collision accident took place in jinhua city , liaoning province , killing seven people and seriously injuring three .
according to a briefing by the safety inspection office of the shenyang railway bureau , a four - wheel agricultural vehicle collided with a train from jinzhou to chengde at a railway crossing between li jiagou and zhou jiadun in jinzhou city 's yixian county .
at that time , apart from carrying 50 bags of fertilizer and seeds , the car also carried 14 people in violation of regulations .
at the time of the collision , four people jumped out of the car to escape , and there were no injuries . the remaining 10 people were either killed or injured , the blocking of the railway , and the train train was damaged to a certain extent .
after the accident , leaders of the ministry of railways , the shenyang railway bureau , the jinzhou city railway bureau , and the local government rushed to the scene to deal with the aftermath of the accident .
the arab league council held an emergency meeting at the arab league headquarters on the same day to discuss the situation in palestine .
twenty - two arab countries ' permanent representatives attended the meeting .
at a press conference after the meeting , moussa said that israel 's escalation of military action against palestine clearly shows that israel refuses peace .
what is happening now is a continuation of israel 's military occupation of palestine , and the palestinian people will continue to resist israel 's aggression .
he said : " as long as israel 's military occupation of palestinian territories exists , as long as israeli tanks and soldiers exist in palestinian territories , the resistance of the palestinian people will continue for one day . "
xinhua news agency , jerusalem , march 31 ( reporter zhong cuihua and nie xiaoyang ) - the israeli security cabinet decided on the evening of the 31 st to step up military strikes against the palestinian - controlled areas and put into effect a series of planned military actions ahead of schedule .
on the afternoon of the same day , israeli prime minister sharon convened a meeting of the core ministers to discuss the current situation between israel and palestine and how to deal with the increasingly frequent bombing attacks on the palestinian side , and the meeting decided to step up military strikes against the palestinian side .
political figures here have revealed that the security cabinet believes that intensifying the crackdown on the palestinian side will weaken the momentum of palestinian terrorist activities , but it is impossible to fundamentally stop such attacks .
sharon will deliver a televised speech to the whole country at 08:30 local time on the evening of 31 april ( 11:30 beijing time on 1 april ) to explain to the public the government 's stand on handling the israeli - palestinian conflict .
cambodia , vietnam hold trade fair
xinhua news agency , phnom penh , april 1 ( reporter yan ming ) the commodities fair jointly held by cambodia and vietnam opened here on the 1 st , with nearly 200 commodities on display .
a total of 50 businessmen from cambodia and vietnam have set up 55 booths at the exhibition .
the exhibits include motorcycles , household electrical appliances , agricultural equipment , medicine , beverages , food , and clothing .
speaking at the opening ceremony , vietnamese ambassador to cambodia nguyen dy nien said that vietnam and cambodia have great potential in economic and trade development , and the trade and economic cooperation between the two countries can be further promoted through the exhibition .
he said : in recent years , gratifying progress has been made in the trade volume between the two countries , from $ 1.69 billion in 2000 to $ 11.8 billion in 2001 .
cambodian minister of commerce cebashi said : the joint development of economic and trade relations between cambodia and vietnam is a good thing . it is conducive to promoting economic and trade relations between the two countries and also to promoting the economic development of asean countries , and can enable cambodia and vietnam to integrate into the economies of asean and the world at an early date .
indonesia 's badminton experts think tao fei 's ranking very good
xinhua news agency , jakarta , april 1 ( reporter ma tong yuan ) - the world ranking of the men 's singles player tao fei is very good for the indonesian team to defend the thompson cup , said the president of the china - java ancient trichet badminton club , ali santo , in the provincial capital of sanbaolung on the 1st .
he said that tao fei is now in the 33 rd place , so he can become the second or third - runner - up , which is lower than the burden of the first single - match .
in group competitions , the first victory will affect the subsequent competition , at least psychological influence on the team members and urge them to strive to win .
however , if the first match of the indonesian team fails , tao fei , as the second or third runner - up , is expected to win , and the final victory will be decided by two doubles competitions .
he believes that the possibility of the indonesian team defending the thompson cup has increased since the young team is a very powerful player in the world .
he expressed the belief that the return of the team would enable indonesia to defeat its opponents , including china , the host country .
according to a survey conducted on the badminton website , 45 percent of the respondents believed that the indonesian team could defend the thompson cup , 21 percent believed that the chinese team had the hope of winning the championship , and 17 percent believed that the malaysian team would have a good chance .
georgia to withdraw its troops from the keleti mountain valley
xinhua news agency , moscow , april 2 , news from tbilisi : representatives of the united nations special representative , georgia , abkhazia , and the commonwealth of independent states peacekeeping forces signed in tbilisi on the 2 nd a protocol on georgia 's withdrawal of troops from the kirgiz mountain valley .
the protocol stipulates that the georgian troops will withdraw from the mountain valley in cote d'ivoire by april 10 , while the peacekeeping forces and un observers will resume their patrols in the region , and all parties concerned should ensure the safety of the residents in the region .
the special representative of the un secretary general to georgia , boding , believes that this protocol is a " good signal , " indicating that georgia and abkhaz are willing to resolve the conflict on the basis of mutual compromise .
he said : this document should open up a way for further dialogue .
in 1992 , the abkhaz local authorities in georgia had armed conflicts with the georgian government because of their demand for independence .
in october last year , the two sides once again clashed with each other in the mountains , and georgia immediately sent troops to the area .
xinhua news agency report of april 2 from ankara ( by staff reporter huai chengbo ) - - according to a report by the aghazadeh news agency , turkish foreign minister jm said in a speech at a plenary meeting of the turkish parliament on the issue of israel 's massive invasion of palestinian territories in the west bank of the jordan river on the 2 nd that the madrid process , which constitutes the basis of the middle east peace process , needs a new start , and that turkey proposes to hold a new international conference on the middle east issue .
jm said that the united states should take immediate action to end the great sufferings of the palestinian and israeli people and their slaughter .
he also stressed that the united states must treat palestine and israel on an equal footing and fulfill its responsibilities .
on turkey 's position on the middle east issue , he said that the middle east is of great strategic significance to turkey , and that turkey hopes for peace and stability in the region .
he also reiterated that turkey supports the resolution recently adopted by the un security council on the palestinian - israeli conflict .
the resolution urged the palestinians and israelis to cease fire and demanded that israel withdraw its troops from ramallah and other palestinian territories .
according to another report , turkey has already inquired about the views of both palestine and israel and the middle east countries , egypt , saudi arabia , and jordan , and has held consultations with the united states , russia , and the european union on the middle east issue .
the international peace conference in the middle east held in madrid , the capital of spain , in 1990 set the principle of " land for peace . "
under the guidance of this principle , palestine and israel signed a declaration on the principle of interim palestinian autonomy in washington in 1993 .
nik communications company transforms blood for an internet company
xinhua news agency , tokyo , april 3 , the company will continue to support the development of a us - based internet company , a spokesman for the nik communications company , a subsidiary of japan telecom and telephone company , said on the 3 rd .
the spokesman said that according to their estimates , the company needs at least 30.5 billion us dollars this year to make up for the loss , and the company is willing to pay the money , and plans to provide financial support to the company until it is able to win .
it has been learned that the company , located in colorado , is an enterprise - oriented internet service provider . its business scope includes high - speed internet access , electronic commerce , private network , and website maintenance .
japan telecom and telephone corporation spent us $ 5.5 billion in 2000 to buy it .
in the past few years , the company has only suffered losses but not made profits , and the nik communications company has invested 2.16 billion us dollars for it .
liberia 's anti - government armed forces approach capital
xinhua news agency , lagos , april 3 , the military of liberia announced that the fighting between the rebels and government forces in liberia has intensified in the past week , and the flames of war on the night of the 3 rd have been approaching the government army barracks , which are only 35 kilometers away from the main military road leading to the capital of monory .
the distance was the same as that in february this year when the anti - government armed forces once hit the town of klein in the suburbs of the capital .
the site of the barracks is the only way for the capital to access cote d'ivoire and guinea .
the battle broke out in the early morning of the 28 th of last month when the un investigation team was investigating the government of liberia using diamond for weapons and imposing sanctions against liberia .
the reconciliation and democratic alliance of liberia attempted to further strengthen the offensive of overthrowing the thai government and force the president to step down .
a senior government officer said that the main reason why the armed forces are launching a military offensive is to occupy the diamond - producing area , because they need money to buy more weapons and money to support the current difficult economic situation .
the anti - government alliance of the people 's republic of liberia started a war against liberia 's president thelle in 2000 .
xinhua news agency , united nations , april 4 ( reporter ding baozhong ) - un world food program executive director bertini said in new york on the 4 th that the world food program ( wfp ) issued nearly 1.7 billion us dollars of food aid in 2001 around the world , becoming the world 's largest humanitarian aid organization .
in a report to the un security council on the activities and role of the organization , bertini pointed out that the world food program has provided assistance to the disaster - stricken and conflict - stricken areas around the world , saved many lives , and made contributions to the reconstruction of some countries , which is conducive to the stability of the situation in the region .
she said that the world food program ( wfp ) provided 240 million u.s. dollars in food aid to afghanistan last year , benefiting millions of afghan people .
bertini called on the donor countries to provide generous donations to help the world food program ( wfp ) complete its new aid mission to afghanistan in 2002 .
he also said that the plan , which is worth 285 million us dollars , has only been raised to 70 million us dollars .
bertini also called on the united nations system and its member states to pay attention to the safety of un personnel who carry out humanitarian missions and to bring to justice those who have harmed the un personnel .
according to statistics , a total of 204 un personnel have been harmed since 1992 , but only 15 criminals have been arrested .
germany presents un with berlin wall
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 5 , the german government presented the three walls of the berlin wall , a symbol of the east - west cold war , to the united nations on the 4 th .
the height of the three walls is about 3.6 meters , weighing 2.8 tons , and a man and a woman were dressed in the images of a man and a woman crossing the wall .
three pieces of wall were shipped to new york in october last year to mark the reunification of the two koreas in 1990 .
since the un garden , located on the bank of the east river in new york , has been closed since the " 9.11 " incident , the public is unable to visit it .
un secretary general annan took this opportunity to say that the end of the state of separation between the east and the west shows that " peace is always possible , and even in the middle east . "
he told annan that before the berlin wall was built , many people had such a wall in their hearts .
in the end , the berlin wall became history , and not only the germans benefited from it .
bill gates ' april 4 th day was fooled .
xinhua news agency report of april 5 th from beijing ( by staff reporter li peng ) - the top - notch microsoft corporation president bill gates was " fooled " by a canadian radio station a few days ago , and was a big joke on the day of the april 5 th festival .
on 1 april , the staff of the radio station in quebec , the republic of canada , the mark - an - man , and the saibastiantan , were contacted by phone , saying that he was canadian prime minister jean chretien and had a 10 - minute close conversation with him .
the topic involved the shortcomings of the world economy and the " windows " operating system , and at the same time , bill gates was invited to visit quebec at an appropriate time .
on the evening of the 2 nd , the radio station broadcast the recording of this speech on the entertainment program , and the following day , at the request of the broad masses of listeners , it again made a repeat .
after the incident , mark - antowan o said that he had never imagined that he would be so easy to get in touch with bill gates , and his assistant did not find and did not expect that this was only a " joke " of a foolish festival .
after learning about the truth of the incident , the microsoft company spokesman said that this radio station had fabricated some documents to make microsoft " firmly believe " that they were the canadian government staff , and warned that the " joke " was a bit big .
it has been learned that in the past , the radio station also made a joke with some other celebrities , such as sidon dion , at the april 11 th festival .
xinhua news agency , ankara , april 5 ( reporter huai chengbo ) afghan interim government chairman hamid karzai again demanded on the 5 th in ankara that the multinational peacekeeping forces in afghanistan be extended to areas outside the capital kabul .
after his two - day visit to turkey , karzai told reporters at the airport that the afghan people outside the capital kabul have regarded the expansion of the peacekeeping forces as a guarantee for the sustained security of afghanistan .
earlier this year , karzai asked the un security council to expand the scale of peacekeeping forces and deploy peacekeeping forces outside the capital kabul .
he said : this is tantamount to sending a signal , that is , the international community undertakes the obligation to a country that has been trampled upon by the 23 - year war .
turkey has agreed in principle to take over the command of the afghan peacekeeping forces from the british .
however , turkey is not in favor of expanding the area of peacekeeping operations due to concerns about the security situation in areas outside kabul .
the united states has expressed its support for turkey 's stand .
karzai said on friday that turkey 's concern about the possible involvement of its troops in the re - emergence of turmoil outside afghanistan was uncalled - for .
however , he also said that the afghan government would accept any decision made by all countries participating in the peacekeeping forces .
another sandstorms hit north china and other places .
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 6 ( reporter dong jun ) the central meteorological station announced at 6 : 00 p.m . today that under the influence of strong cold air , there will be sand and dust weather in the eastern part of the northwest , most parts of north china , and the central and southern part of the northeast plain from tonight to tomorrow .
it is predicted that there will be sandstorms in some areas in the central and eastern provinces of inner mongolia , the northern part of shaanxi , shanxi , and hebei , and the western part of liaoning and jilin provinces , and there will be strong dust or sand storms in some areas of the huang he and huai he . the temperature in the above - mentioned areas will drop by 6 to 12 degrees celsius , and the temperature in some areas will exceed 14 degrees celsius .
this morning , the city of beijing was sunny , but in the afternoon it started to stir up a strong wind , driving people who were engaged in outdoor activities home one after another .
although the central meteorological station released a forecast of strong winds in north china and other places yesterday evening , the weather has attracted many residents to take advantage of the early days of the spring rain .
today , the capital of inner mongolia autonomous region , hugh , also experienced a strong wind and cool weather .
although the north wind is blowing , the sky is still very clear .
experts said that the spring rain fell in inner mongolia yesterday , and the rainfall in the city was 33 millimetres , which not only greatly alleviated the drought , but also effectively curbed the attack of sand storms .
by 2005 , china 's telecommunications market will exceed 1 trillion yuan
xinhua news agency , shanghai , april 6 ( reporter feng yizhen ) an official from the ministry of information industry , who is attending a high - level seminar on information and communications between china and russia , revealed that by 2005 , the total volume of china 's telecommunications market will reach 1050 billion yuan , an increase of 2.5 times over 2000 .
it is estimated that during the 10th five - year plan period ( 2001 - 2005 ) , the number of telephone users in china will increase at an average annual rate of about 26 percent , with 24 percent in the central and eastern regions , 26 percent in the central region , and 30 percent in the western region .
by 2005 , the number of telephone users nationwide will reach 500 million , and the popularization rate will be about 40 percent .
china 's mobile phone users will expand to ordinary consumers , and will expand from simple news service to data exchange , medium - and high - speed multimedia and high - speed interactive multimedia business .
the internet business will continue to be the fastest growing business in china 's communications industry , and the contents of demand will extend from the narrow range to the broadband business , the development of the classified broadcast business to the high - speed interactive business , and the expansion of users from large and medium - sized cities to central cities and towns .
during the 10th five - year plan period , the average annual growth rate of china 's data and multimedia internet users will exceed 70 percent .
by 2005 , the number of internet users nationwide will reach 200 million .
annan to hold talks with us , russia , eu on middle east situation
xinhua news agency , madrid , april 7 ( reporter liu ruichang ) - according to a report on the 7th by the spanish newspaper , the united nations secretary general annan will hold four - party talks on the 10th with us secretary of state colin powell , spain 's foreign minister , the eu 's senior representative in charge of foreign and security policy , and russian foreign minister igor ivanov in madrid , the spanish capital , to discuss ways to resolve the serious deterioration of the israeli - palestinian conflict .
this news was disclosed by annan in an exclusive interview with the reporter at the un headquarters in new york .
on the same day , the " albrecht " published this exclusive report .
when talking about the role of the united nations in mediating the current palestinian - israeli military conflicts , annan said that the united nations has played a positive role in this conflict , and the un security council has adopted two important resolutions on resolving the israeli - palestinian conflicts , namely , 13997 and 1402 .
he said : on the 10th of this month , he will take advantage of the opportunity of attending the meeting in madrid to meet senior leaders of the united states , the european union , and russia to jointly discuss the grim situation in the middle east region .
it is reported that annan and spanish prime minister jose maria aznar will preside over the opening ceremony of the second un world conference on the elderly in madrid on 8 march , and powell will pay an official visit to spain next week to renew the us - spanish military cooperation agreement , and ivanov will make a special trip to spain to meet with powell to discuss bilateral relations .
computer crime causes us to lose billions of dollars last year
xinhua news agency , washington , april 7 , the " 2001 computer crime and security investigation " report released by the united states on the 7 th shows that the increasingly rampant computer crime last year caused several billion us dollars in losses to us companies and government departments , a big increase over 2000 .
examples of computer systems in various parts of the united states being attacked by computer viruses , refusal to provide services , and various security loopholes are common .
538 computer security experts from enterprises , government departments , and universities said that us companies and other institutions have to pay a high price for computer crimes every year .
although the exact amount of losses has not yet been confirmed , 35 percent of the departments surveyed admitted that they had suffered losses , with a total value of over $ 37.78 billion , a big increase over the figure of nearly $ 26.56 billion in 2000 .
the report , jointly compiled by the us computer security association and the federal bureau of investigation , did not provide any assessment of the loss of personal users throughout the country .
algeria 's official language confirmed
xinhua news agency , algiers , april 8 ( reporter xu donghua ) at a joint meeting of the two chambers held here on the 8 th , the algerian parliament examined and approved a draft constitutional amendment proposed by president bouteflika , and decided that the berlin dialect is one of the official languages recognized by the constitution .
in his speech at the meeting , albanian prime minister ben vriis pointed out that the adoption of the draft law means that the diversity of the albanian culture has been defined in the form of law , and this will be conducive to strengthening the unity of ethnic groups in albania .
the berlin population , which is a native of the north african region , accounts for about one - sixth of the country 's total population .
after the independence of albania , the constitution stipulates that the arabic language is the only official language , but it is opposed by the berlin people .
in april last year , a serious disturbance broke out in the pajero region , where people live in compact communities in the eastern part of the country .
more than 60 people were killed and more than 2,000 injured in the three - month riot .
the local people have demanded that the constitution define the berlin dialect as an official language of albania .
on 12 march this year , in a televised speech to the whole country , president bouteflika promised to meet the demands of the berlin people through revising the constitution .
white house says israel 's withdrawal from west bank towns only starts
xinhua news agency , washington , april 8 , u . s . white house spokesman ari fleischer issued a statement on the evening of the 8 th , saying that israel 's withdrawal of troops from the west bank of jordan river , the west bank of the jordan river , and the al - qaeda , is only " a beginning , " and the parties concerned in the middle east should fulfill their responsibilities .
fleischer said in this brief written statement : " this is the beginning .
as president bush said on 4 april , all parties in the middle east should fulfill their responsibilities , and the president hopes that all parties concerned will strengthen their efforts . "
the israeli army started to withdraw from tulekham and glejiali on the early morning of the 9 th local time , and the israeli side has not yet revealed when it will withdraw all its troops from other cities in the west bank .
in a statement to reporters in tennessee on the same day , bush reiterated that israel must immediately withdraw its troops from palestinian territory and stressed that he was " making a statement . "
bush said that he had already told israeli prime minister sharon that he was waiting for israel 's immediate withdrawal .
bush says nato must establish new relations with russia
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 10 , according to information received here , us president bush said in a meeting with visiting nato secretary general robertson at the white house on the 9 th that nato must establish a " more constructive new - type relationship " with russia .
bush said : through the establishment of such a relationship , " we will eventually and forever eliminate the differences left over from the previous era . "
during the meeting , bush and robertson discussed a series of issues , including the iraq issue and nato 's eastward expansion .
bush said : " nato must develop new , flexible , and changeable capabilities to meet the challenges of the 21st century .
we must also recruit new members . "
when interviewed by reporters after the meeting , bush did not directly talk about iraq .
however , he said , " when we take action against terrorism , we will hold close consultations with our allies . "
robertson said that he and bush discussed " the common threats we are facing in europe and north america , including weapons of mass destruction . "
he said that all nato member states will take joint action to overcome these threats and " achieve success . "
mexican president rejects u . s . canada visit
xinhua news agency , mexico city , april 9 , mexican president fox is expected to visit the united states and canada in the middle of this month , according to a spokesman for the mexican senate on the 9 th .
this is the first time in the history of this country that the senate has rejected the president 's foreign visit plan .
the spokesman said : the senate voted 71 to 41 against the president 's foreign visit plan .
senators who are opposed to the proposal believe that the president should devote more energy to domestic affairs and should not be enthusiastic about going abroad .
last year , president fox visited a total of 15 countries .
a senator said that the reason why they voted against the bill was that one of the main purposes of president fox 's visit was to hold talks with mexican immigrants .
it is reported that after being vetoed by the senate , president fox 's foreign visit plan will be submitted to the house of representatives for voting .
if he is still vetoed , his foreign visit plan will soon be defeated .
however , if passed , the senate will review it again .
president fox was originally scheduled to go to seattle on 15 june to meet with microsoft chairman bill gates and members of the mexican migrants community .
he will then fly to vancouver and calgary , canada , where he will hold talks with business and academic circles in the city for a three - day visit .
track and field competitions in west asian games fully launched
xinhua news agency , kuwait , april 10 ( reporter an jiang ) since the opening of the west asian games , more than half of the events have been held , and the major track and field competitions have been delayed today .
athletes from 12 countries will compete for gold medals in seven events in the first day of the sports meet .
in the nine - day tournament , the kuwaiti basketball team defeated the strong rival qatar with a weak point of 9:93 and won the championship in the west asian games .
the syrian team beat the iranian team 110:92 to win the third place .
in soccer matches , if the kowetert team wants to win the championship , it must win today 's match with the " black horse " team .
the competition is called a " bottleneck battle " by the kuwaiti media , and its success or failure is good at one stroke .
the syrian team beat the iranian team with a close score of 33:32 and will compete with the kuwaiti team for the gold medal today .
up to the 9 th , the kuwait team still took the lead with 19 gold medals , 18 silver medals , 12 bronze medals , and 49 medals , followed by iran , syria , saudi arabia , qatar , and jordan .
powell says talks with arafat very important
xinhua news agency , madrid , april 10 , us secretary of state colin powell said here on the 10th that he had " very important " talks with palestinian leader arafat during his visit to the middle east . he hoped that he would not encounter any difficulties in arranging talks with arafat .
powell made the above statement after meeting with officials of the european union , russia , and the united nations .
he said : " arafat is the leader of the palestinian people . i believe that the palestinian people and the leaders of the arab countries believe that he is a target that israel must deal with . "
according to reports , white house spokesman ari fleischer said in washington on the same day that the israeli side had promised the united states that powell would be able to meet arafat during his visit to the middle east .
on the same day , israeli defense minister ben - ami also told reporters near the west bank city of jenin that israel would not stop powell from holding talks with arafat later this week .
at the beginning , powell did not have any plan to meet arafat during his current middle east mediation .
palestinian officials have said that if powell refuses to meet arafat , there will be no palestinian representative to hold talks with him .
powell 's visit to morocco and egypt is timely , and the leaders of arab countries have also repeatedly stressed that if he does not meet with arafat , his visit will not yield results .
former yugoslav interior minister attempts to commit suicide
xinhua news agency , belgrade , april 11 ( reporter yang chengming ) - the war criminal suspect wanted by the hague court , the former yugoslav interior minister and incumbent yugoslav parliament member shilinovic opened fire on his head in front of the federal assembly building on the evening of the 11th .
he was rushed to the hospital for emergency treatment and is not yet out of danger .
" as a member of the federal assembly , i use this action to express my protest against this puppet regime .
i condemn their act of wantonly violating the constitution and law of the federal republic of yugoslavia and trampling on national dignity and destroying this country . "
yugoslav president vojislav kostunica issued a statement on the incident on the evening of the same day , saying that the suicide incident was a warning to the western countries that constantly put conditions and pressure on the federal republic of yugoslavia .
the chamber of republics of the federal assembly of the federal republic of yugoslavia ( fry ) and the chamber of citizens of the federal republic of yugoslavia ( fry ) passed a law of cooperation with the hague court of justice on 10 and 11 june respectively .
the law stipulates that all war criminals wanted by the hague court before the passage of the law will be extradited to the hague court as long as they are found on the territory of yugoslavia , no matter which country they are citizens .
according to the law , skilkovic will also be extradited to the hague .
saudi arabia makes donations to support palestine
xinhua news agency , riyadh , april 12 ( reporter yu kaiyuan ) in order to support palestine , saudi arabia carried out national donation activities through television stations from 4 : 00 p.m . on the 11 th to 3 : 00 a.m . on the 12 th , local time .
saudi arabia 's national television station has set up 30 hotlines and 15 computers to accept donations .
a 25 - member reception group has also been set up in the television studio to receive donations from people .
a total of 210 million royal ( 56 million us dollars ) and a large amount of material objects were raised in the event .
the king of saudi arabia took the lead in making a donation of 10 - million royal ( 2.67 - million us dollars ) , the crown prince of saudi arabia donated 5 - million royal ( 1.34 - million us dollars ) , and the famous saudi entrepreneur prince valiard also donated 100 - million royal ( 26.7 - million us dollars ) .
although it was a rest day in saudi arabia on the 11 th and the 12 th , and there was a thunderstorm , the street in front of the television station was still full of cars waiting for donations .
many staff members and workers of companies and enterprises also donated their own day 's wages .
east timor 's presidential campaign ends
xinhua news agency , jakarta , april 12 , the three - week presidential election in east timor ended today .
voters will elect the first president of the country to be officially independent on may 20 .
the candidates participating in the presidential election included samara gusmao and shavarar .
gusmao was the leader of the east timor independence movement , and the president of the " democratic republic of east timor " was announced in november 1975 .
the two candidates held an open debate on the 11 th and answered questions raised by the voters .
gusmao said that after his election , he would first work to resolve the country 's economic problems and that the country 's democracy would be guaranteed .
public opinion generally believes that gusmao is likely to win , because he is considered a hero in east timor who has won independence .
under the auspices of the united nations , east timor held a referendum on 30 august 1999 , with the overwhelming majority of voters choosing independence .
on august 30 last year , east timor officially elected a constitutional assembly and adopted the first constitution of the country in march this year .
the new constitution will take effect on 20 may when east timor is officially independent , and the constitutional assembly will become the first national assembly .
chinese workers killed in jerusalem bombing : fm spokesman
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 13 , foreign ministry spokeswoman zhang qiyue confirmed here today that a chinese worker was killed in the explosion at a bus station in jerusalem on the afternoon of april 12 , and two chinese workers were injured and one chinese worker was missing .
zhang qiyue said that a suicide bombing occurred at a bus station in downtown jerusalem at around 4 : 00 p.m . on april 12 , killing six people and injuring more than 70 people on the spot .
in the blast , one chinese worker was killed , two chinese workers were injured , and another chinese worker was missing .
she said : after the incident , the chinese embassy in israel attached great importance to the incident and immediately sent people to jerusalem on the same day to identify the victims , to visit the injured , to understand the situation , and to contact the relevant departments to deal with the aftermath of the incident .
the embassy has notified chinese citizens and chinese companies in israel that night to take care of their safety and travel prudently .
she said : the chinese government expresses condolences over the death of the chinese citizens involved in the explosion and expresses sympathy for their families .
the chinese side condemns violent activities aimed at innocent civilians , and strongly calls on both israel and palestine to take practical actions to stop violent confrontation and to calm down the situation as soon as possible so as to avoid causing more casualties among innocent civilians .
zhang qiyue said : the chinese government has once again reminded the israeli citizens and personnel who intend to go to israel to pay attention to safety , travel with caution , and contact their families at home . if an emergency occurs , please contact the chinese embassy in israel in a timely manner .
according to a report by the egyptian middle east news agency , during the telephone conversation , the foreign ministers of the two countries unanimously held that israel should make a positive response to the four - party joint statement issued by the united nations , the united states , russia , and the european union in spain and immediately withdraw its troops from palestinian territory .
hill briefed the president on his meeting with arafat in the west bank city of ramallah on friday .
the palestinian side is ready to work together with the international community to seek ways to end israel 's invasion of palestinian territories in accordance with the relevant un resolutions , he said .
the two sides agreed to continue to maintain contact with the parties concerned and seek a thorough solution to the middle east conflict .
us state department spokesman richard boucher , who accompanied powell on his visit to the middle east , said earlier on the same day that powell had cancelled his plan to hold a meeting with arafat on 13 april due to the explosion in jerusalem 's center .
however , an official of the us state department who declined to be named revealed that powell 's meeting with arafat may be postponed to 14 april .
the two sides also exchanged views on the latest developments in the palestinian situation .
united arab emirates announces responsibility for reconstruction of jenin refugee camp
xinhua news agency , abu dhabi , april 13 ( reporter xing xudong ) the foreign minister of the united arab emirates ( uae ) announced to the press on the evening of the 13 th that the reconstruction of the palestinian refugee camp , which was destroyed by the israeli army , will soon begin , so that the homeless families will have their own homes at an early date .
the united arab emirates red crescent society , which is responsible for the operation , has drawn up specific plans for the restoration of buildings and public facilities damaged in the refugee camp , after coordinating with the united nations refugees relief and engineering office in the east .
the minister also said that since israel launched a large - scale military operation against the palestinian towns in the west bank on march 29 , the united arab emirates has organized a number of donations to palestine throughout the country , and the amount of donations received so far has reached 350 - million delay khan ( nearly 100 - million us dollars ) .
( detailed report ) chavez re - becomes venezuelan president
xinhua news agency , caracas , april 14 ( reporter jia anping ) venezuelan president chavez , who was detained by the coup military two days ago , returned to the presidential palace on the 14th and was sworn in as president of the republic of venezuela , amid the cheers of supporters .
in his televised speech to the whole country , chavez thanked the venezuelan people for their trust and support for him , thanked the organization of american states , the rio group , the group of 77 , and other international organizations for safeguarding democracy and condemning the coup , and called on all circles in venezuela to take reconciliation action .
chavez stressed that venezuela needs peace , stability , and reason , and that all parties concerned should make joint efforts to stop the conflict .
he said : through this incident , " we have learned many things , and we will strive to correct our past mistakes and mistakes and jointly build our country . "
on the 11 th , a military coup took place in venezuela , and more than 10 senior military officers declared that they would not support the chavez government and detained chavez .
carmona , former chairman of the venezuelan entrepreneurs association , took up the post of interim president of the interim government on the 12th .
on the same day , the masses supporting chavez held a peaceful demonstration in the capital and demanded that chavez take power again .
on the afternoon of the 13 th , a group of pro - chavez military protection vice president camilla returned to the presidential palace and was sworn in as interim president on the evening of the 13 th . carmona announced his resignation .
the army that supported chavez then issued an ultimatum to the coup military to release chavez and occupy the important strategic base in the military camp .
on the early morning of the 14 th , chavez returned to the presidential palace from the detained caribbean island by helicopter .
xinhua news agency , damascus , april 15 ( reporter gong zhenxi ) - syrian president bashar al - assad held talks with visiting us secretary of state colin powell here on the 15 th . the two sides discussed the latest developments in the middle east situation , especially the serious situation in palestine and the tense situation in the border areas between lebanon and israel .
according to a report by the syrian news agency , president bashar said during the talks : " the incident in palestine has brought the ( middle east ) peace process to a dead end . if we fail to understand this point , the development of the matter may reach an irreversible level . at that time , we can only wait for another generation of people . "
he pointed out that the peace process can only be discussed after israel withdrew its troops from the occupied palestinian territories and stopped killing the palestinians .
he said : " only when both sides are willing to realize peace can peace be realized . "
he called on the united states to have a clear view of peace in the middle east and play a role in this regard so that relevant un resolutions can be effectively implemented .
on the issue of suicide actions taken by the palestinians , bashar said that these actions are not the root cause of the current incidents in the occupied palestinian territories , but are the consequence and a counterattack against israel 's acts .
he pointed out that the best way is to eliminate the root cause of tension in the palestinian situation .
according to diplomatic sources , during the talks , powell and bashar also discussed the issue of the lebanon - israel border situation .
powell arrived in damascus from beirut at noon on the same day for a short visit to syria .
wall street stocks fall
xinhua news agency , new york , april 15 , the dow jones industrial average fell to the lowest level in eight weeks due to the poor performance of citigroup and continental airlines .
the dow jones industrial average fell 97.15 points to 10,93.67 , the lowest level since february 22 , the nasdaq composite index fell 2.41 points to 1,753.78 , and the standard & poor 's 500 index fell 8.46 to 1,102.55 .
the russell 2000 index of smaller companies also fell , with the russell 2000 index of smaller companies rising slightly .
declining issues outnumbered advancers by a 5 - to - 4 margin on the new york stock exchange , with nyse volume falling to 1.22 billion shares from 1.26 billion in the previous session .
on the same day , citigroup announced that due to the loss of its business in argentina , the bank 's profit in the first quarter of this year did not reach the anticipated target , and the mainland airlines also announced that it was in a loss in the first quarter of this year .
these news has caused investors to worry about the performance of listed companies to be announced this week , so they will keep a wait - and - see attitude .
the wall street stock market closed at a low level after a slight fall .
blue chips such as citigroup , mainland china airlines , and general electric , as well as science and technology such as microsoft , intel , sike , honda , dell , and sun microelectronics , all fell .
powell to hold talks with israeli , palestinian leaders
xinhua news agency , jerusalem , april 16 ( reporter zhong cuihua ) us secretary of state colin powell , who is visiting here , will hold talks with israeli prime minister sharon and palestinian national authority chairman yasser arafat on the afternoon of the 16 th and the morning of the 17 th respectively .
it has been reported that powell has postponed his departure from the middle east for at least 24 hours , and israel has continued to mediate between israel and palestine .
powell expressed the hope that israel and palestine could issue a joint statement condemning terrorist attacks against israelis and palestinians , calling for establishing a palestinian state through negotiations , and continuing to crack down on terrorism .
on the evening of 15 november , powell concluded his one - day visit to lebanon and syria and returned to israel , and announced the cancellation of the original plan to hold talks with arafat on 16 june .
powell told the press that the united states supports sharon 's proposal on holding a regional peace meeting , saying that a ministerial meeting can be held , and arafat can send a high - level delegation to attend the meeting .
regarding this , arafat has said that only when israel immediately withdraw its troops from the palestinian - controlled areas in the west bank can the palestinians accept the proposal of holding a regional peace meeting .
powell held talks with sharon on 12 april .
on the 14 th , he went to the west bank city of ramallah and held talks with arafat , who was surrounded by the israeli army .
on the evening of the same day , he briefed sharon on the talks with arafat .
un high commissioner for refugees visits afghanistan
xinhua news agency report of april 16 th from kabul ( by staff reporter shang xuqian ) - visiting un high commissioner for refugees ( unhcr ) lu beers met with afghan interim government chairman hamid karzai on the evening of the 15 th . the two sides held talks on the return of the afghan refugees and the re - integration of the society .
the united nations high commissioner for refugees ( unhcr ) said in a press release today that the re - integration of refugees is important to the stability of afghanistan .
he stressed that the issue of the return of refugees must be guaranteed , and the safety of the rural areas is very important to avoiding the inflow of too many refugees into the cities .
karzai thanked the unhcr for its long - term work in afghanistan .
he said the re - integration of refugees into the community was one of the priorities of the interim government .
he stressed that the return of the homeless in china to their native place was an urgent problem to be solved .
he said that the situation in most areas of afghanistan is stable and there are sufficient rainfall , and these people can resume farming immediately after they return to their native places to ensure self - sufficiency in grain .
the united nations high commissioner for refugees ( unhcr ) and the afghan interim government have sent more than 240,000 afghan refugees back to their homeland from pakistan and 5,000 afghan refugees from iran , and 4,000 from tajikistan .
forty percent of these people have entered the city .
lu arrived in afghanistan after concluding his visit to iran .
he will leave for pakistan on the 17 th .
seed players to be eliminated in second round of european badminton championships
xinhua news agency , stockholm , april 17 ( reporter wu ping ) the european badminton championships today held the second round of five separate competitions in the southern swedish city of marmer .
apart from mixed doubles , seed players in all other individual events are beginning to be eliminated .
in the men 's singles , the seed player , england 's kirton , was eliminated by denmark 's peter rasmussen .
the eliminated seed players in the women 's singles are denmark 's tim rasmussen . she was defeated by germany 's youzik .
in the men 's doubles competition , the seed , the swedish competitor , york andresong / york holkeri , was defeated by a russian competitor .
the eliminated seed players in the women 's doubles are wilson 's ferop / qiao maggie , who lost to a pair of polish and belarusian partners .
according to the course of the competition , the five individual events will start one - eighth and one - fourth of the final tomorrow .
the semi - finals will be held on the 19 th and 20 th respectively .
palestine condemns israel 's continued aggression against palestinian people
xinhua news agency report of april 18 th from gaza ( by staff reporter du zhen ) - the palestinian national authority issued a statement on the 17 th condemning the israeli army for its continuous violation of the palestinian people in the west bank and gaza strip , saying that israeli prime minister sharon 's policy of abuse of force " strangles all the hopes of realizing peace in the region . "
the statement said that the main reason why us secretary of state powell failed in his middle east mediation efforts was that " the israeli government and prime minister sharon refused to withdraw troops from palestinian cities and ended military actions there . "
the israeli army continued to control most palestinian - controlled cities in the west bank on the same day .
according to witnesses , the israeli armored troops withdrew from jenin at one time on the same day , but quickly returned to the center and reoccupied the area .
israeli radio reported that the israeli army shot and killed one palestinian in the vicinity of israeli settlements in southern gaza that evening .
palestinian security officials said that the palestinian was killed on the road through settlement .
the israeli military said that he was shot to death by the israeli army when he and several other palestinian militants attempted to attack the settlement .
putin 's state of the nation address
xinhua news agency , moscow , april 18 , russian president putin delivered a state of the nation address at the joint meeting of the two chambers of the russian parliament on the 18 th , pointing out that russia should become an economically powerful and competitive country , and should work to develop constructive and normal relations with all countries in the world , and should become a real member of the international community .
putin said : russia 's national construction goal is still to develop democracy and build a civilized market economy , and the most important thing is to improve the people 's living standards .
in summing up last year 's work , he pointed out that the state has achieved certain results in accomplishing major tasks , the economy has maintained sustained growth , the number of unemployed people has decreased , the people 's living standards have improved , and russians are full of confidence in the future .
putin expressed satisfaction with the good implementation of the budget and the improvement of the operating environment for two consecutive years .
he particularly stressed that russia 's oil output ranks second in the world , and its energy trade ranks first in the world .
in his state of the nation address , putin also expounded this year 's national development plan and domestic and foreign policies .
this is putin 's third state of the nation address to the two chambers of the parliament since he assumed office as president .
nearly 1,000 people , including more than 600 congressmen , 89 principal federal leaders , responsible persons of the presidential office , and government departments , attended the joint meeting .
chinese fm spokesman on european parliament report
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 19 , foreign ministry spokeswoman zhang qiyue today commented on a report passed by the european parliament .
a reporter asked : on 11 april , the plenary session of the european parliament examined and approved the " report of the european parliament on the eu 's strategic document on china . "
what is china 's comment on this ?
zhang qiyue answered : the chinese side has noticed that the european parliament recently passed the report .
the report holds that there are broad common interests between china and europe , and advocates the development of sino - european partnership , the strengthening of bilateral contacts , exchanges , and dialogue , and the expansion of bilateral cooperation in the economic , trade , scientific , technological , educational , and cultural fields .
we welcome the above positive proposals .
however , the report has made many erroneous conclusions that do not conform to objective facts on china 's human rights situation and the taiwan and tibet issues , and seriously interferes in china 's internal affairs . this is unacceptable to the chinese side .
it is hoped that the european parliament will earnestly abide by the one - china principle and do more things that are conducive to the development of bilateral relations , so as not to have a negative impact on sino - european relations .
kidnapped indian high commissioner for refugees in pakistan released
xinhua news agency , new delhi , april 19 ( reporter xiong changyi ) - indian foreign ministry spokesman racan announced on the evening of the 19 th that the staff of the indian high commissioner for refugees in pakistan , qana , who was kidnapped in the pakistani capital of islamabad , had been released in the afternoon .
racan said that after the pakistani police notified the indian high commissioner for foreign affairs in pakistan , they handed over the card to the indian side at a local police station .
karana was seriously injured and is now hospitalized .
she said that the palestinian police refused to put the incident on file for investigation according to kidnapping , which made people suspect that the pakistani intelligence department was involved in the incident .
karana was kidnapped when he went to work on a bus on the morning of the 19 th .
the indian foreign ministry issued a statement on the morning of the same day strongly protesting pakistan 's kidnapping of the staff of the indian high commissioner for refugees in pakistan in broad daylight .
all types of enterprises in hebei province actively apply for foreign trade management rights
xinhua news agency , shijiazhuang , april 20 ( reporter yao yajie ) - the reporter learned from the hebei provincial foreign trade and economic cooperation department that since the beginning of this year , nearly 200 - million enterprises of various types have registered their foreign trade operation rights in the provincial foreign trade and economic cooperation department or have been approved by the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation , which is 2.3 times that of the same period last year .
according to presentations , this time , 39 foreign trade companies of various types have registered , of which 17 are private foreign trade companies .
there are also dozens of commercial , material , supply and marketing cooperatives enterprises and state - owned collective enterprises .
77 private production enterprises have also applied for foreign trade management rights .
the entry of more and more private enterprises into the wto is a new atmosphere for the application for foreign trade management rights .
in july last year , the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation further relaxed the conditions and standards for all types of enterprises to operate their own import and export rights , changed from the original examination and approval system to the examination and approval and registration system , and stipulated the implementation of unified standards and management methods for enterprises under various ownership systems , thus promoting the initiative of all types of enterprises to declare their rights .
israel to cooperate with un investigation team
xinhua news agency report of april 20 th from jerusalem ( by staff reporter zhong cuanyin ) - israeli government officials said on the 20 th that relevant parties in israel will cooperate with the un committee on the investigation of the truth of the palestinian refugee camp in the west bank of jordan river .
the israeli radio quoted an israeli government official as saying that the israeli side will show the un delegation a video recording of the israeli army 's military action in the jenin refugee camp , and allow the delegation members to cover the soldiers and commanders involved in the military action , hoping that the delegation will maintain an objective and just nature in the course of the investigation .
the united nations security council today unanimously adopted a resolution to welcome the un investigation team 's investigation into the refugee camp in jenin .
several hours before the vote , israeli foreign minister shimon peres made a phone call to un secretary general annan , saying that israel would welcome the un representative to " clarify " the truth of the refugee camp in jenin .
on the same day , annan also made a phone call with israeli defense minister bin aleazer , who also agreed to the un delegation 's investigation .
it has been learned that both bin aleazer and peres said that the israeli army had a fierce exchange of fire with palestinian militants while carrying out military operations in the jenin refugee camp , and 23 israeli soldiers were killed and 50 palestinian people were killed , most of whom were palestinian militants .
recently , the international community has called for an investigation into the conflicts in the jenin refugee camp , which has been the most intense conflict between israel and palestine .
the palestinian side accused the israeli army of killing hundreds of people there , but israel flatly denied this .
china expresses strong dissatisfaction over koizumi 's visit to yasukuni shrine
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 21 , chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman zhang qiyue pointed out here today that the chinese side resolutely opposes the japanese leader 's visit to the yasukuni shrine , which houses the memorial tablets of class - a war criminals , in any form and at any time .
the chinese side expresses strong dissatisfaction with the action taken by the japanese leader .
commenting on japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi 's visit to the yasukuni shrine this morning , zhang qiyue said that japan 's action will only damage japan 's own image and make it even more difficult for japan to win the trust of the people of asian countries on the issue of history .
this is junichiro koizumi 's second visit to the yasukuni shrine since he took office .
the yasukuni shrine is a place where japanese soldiers died in wars ( mostly wars of aggression ) since the meiji restoration , and the class - a war criminals such as hideki tojo were enshrined there .
first round of voting for french presidential election
xinhua news agency , paris , april 21 ( reporter liang guihe ) the first round of voting for the french presidential election started at 8:00 a.m . on the 21st at 640,000 polling stations nationwide in france .
among the 16 candidates , 40 million voters will elect the seventh president of the fifth republic of france .
the results of the voting were announced on the evening of the same day .
according to a press release issued by the french interior ministry , the voter turnout rate was 21.41 percent at noon on the 21 st , down from 22.52 percent in the first round of voting in the 1995 presidential election .
according to local media forecasts , the turnout rate this year may be the lowest in history .
the french constitution stipulates that if no candidate wins more than 51 percent of the votes in the first round of voting , the two candidates with the highest votes will enter the second round of competition on may 5 .
the results of the last public opinion poll released last friday showed that incumbent president chirac and incumbent prime minister lionel jospin might win with a very close number of votes in the first round .
since there are as many as 16 candidates in the presidential election , the highest record in french history , the voting may be very scattered in the first round of voting .
the french far - right national front presidential candidate leponte may be the third in the first round of voting , and may even become the " cold door " to enter the first two .
us to help georgia transform its armed forces
xinhua news agency , moscow , april 22 ( reporter zhou liang ) news from tbilisi : georgian president shevardnadze denied on the 22nd reports that the united states has refused to help georgia transform its armed forces .
the president made the remarks at a press conference held in tbilisi , capital of the country , according to the itar - tass news agency .
he said that neither the united states nor georgia has changed the previous agreement reached by us military experts to help georgia transform its armed forces , but at present there is no specific date for us military experts to arrive in georgia .
he said that us military experts are now making preparations for going to georgia , and they will come to georgia sooner or later .
he pointed out that the strengthening of military cooperation between georgia and the united states is not directed at russia .
according to an agreement reached between georgia and the united states , us military experts will help georgia train four battalions and one company this year .
foreign journalists ' associations in israel ask israeli army to return confiscated reporters ' permits
xinhua news agency , jerusalem , april 22 ( reporter zhong cuihua ) the foreign journalists ' association in israel issued a statement on the 22nd , demanding that the israeli military immediately return the permit of at least 17 foreign reporters confiscated in the west bank city of bethlehem .
the statement said that an israeli military officer had confiscated the documents of some palestinians and foreign reporters working for international news agencies about 400 meters from the great church of jesus , which was a military restricted zone , but did not produce any documents to prove it .
the statement pointed out that the israeli army 's confiscation of reporters ' evidence was actually an attempt to restrict the media 's reports on the confrontation between israeli and palestinian militants in the great church of jesus 's birth , and not out of consideration for the security of reporters , which violated the israeli army 's commitment to foreign journalists ' associations last week .
on 2 april , the israeli army , which entered bethlehem , surrounded more than 20,000 palestinian militants in the church of jesus 's birth , and the confrontation between the two sides has continued to this day .
indian believers hold peace prayer service in face of pressure
( agence france - presse , bandar seri begawan , india ) - hundreds of indian believers wearing white gowns held a peace prayer ceremony at the arjaya holy place yesterday under the supervision of the riot police .
he proposed to hand over a piece of sacred rock to a government official outside the place where any religious ceremony was banned by the supreme court .
the day before yesterday , burnham said that he would hold a prayer meeting in arjaya in disregard of court orders .
however , he suddenly relaxed his attitude yesterday , saying that the prayer will be held in another place in aghazia .
according to local media reports , the 93 - year - old pachachi has changed his original intention under the pressure of the ruling indian people 's party .
prior to this , indian authorities had sent more military and police personnel to the northern town because they were worried that indian militants would hold a prayer meeting near the site of the church in disregard of court orders .
one quarter voted against or against the work report
npc deputies still dissatisfied with judicial reform
( reported by zhou ruipeng ) more than one - fourth of the npc deputies voted against the work reports of the supreme people 's court and the supreme people 's procuratorate yesterday , indicating that they are still dissatisfied with the reform achievements of the judicial system and the progress of the building of the rule of law .
however , of the 2,813 deputies attending the closing session of the fifth session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] at the great hall of the people , 2,742 voted for premier zhu rongji 's government work report , and the rate of approval was still as high as 97.5 percent , similar to last year .
all sides expect that zhu rongji , who has openly indicated that he will withdraw , will withdraw from the standing committee of the political bureau of the supreme decision - making body at the 16th cpc national congress to be held this fall .
however , the result of the vote showed that zhu rongji was not cold - shouldered by the npc deputies because he was about to lose his power .
the 10 - and - a - half - day meeting yesterday also passed the 2002 budget of 309.8 billion yuan ( about 66.8 billion singapore dollars ) with a vote of 80.5 percent .
the work report of the standing committee of the national people 's congress [ npc ] delivered by li peng , chairman of the npc standing committee , on the other hand , has met with slightly more votes of opposition and votes of abandonment of power than last year .
the report of the standing committee of the national people 's congress [ npc ] yesterday received 587 votes in favor , 112 votes against , and 114 abstentions .
last year 's report won 582 votes in favor , 85 votes against , and 122 abstentions .
although the reactions of the npc deputies yesterday were slightly better than last year , as many as 28 percent and 27 percent of the npc deputies still voted against the work reports of the supreme people 's court and the supreme people 's procuratorate , and they voted against or abandoned their power .
the work report of xiao yang , president of the supreme people 's court , yesterday won 2,026 votes in favor , 528 votes against , and 299 abstentions .
last year , his report won 553 votes for , 530 votes against , and 306 abstentions .
yesterday , han zhubin , procurator general of the supreme people 's procuratorate , received 2,044 votes in favor , 516 votes against , and 253 abstentions .
last year , his report won 1,873 votes in favor , 584 votes against , and 332 abstentions .
since this year is the last session of the current npc and the npc will be changed next year , the meeting that closed yesterday also voted through the " decision on the number of deputies to the 10th npc and the election issue , " which stipulates that the 10th npc should be elected by the end of january next year .
china to speed up reshuffle of local party and government leaders
( hong kong news ) an informed source of the " two sessions " in beijing disclosed to the " ming pao " that after the national people 's congress [ npc ] and the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] sessions , the reshuffle of local party and government leaders in china will be accelerated .
the central authorities have demanded that all localities complete the work of electing new leaders by the end of june this year , and the 17 provinces , municipalities , and autonomous regions that have not yet completed the readjustment will form a new leading body .
according to the report , according to the criteria for the appointment of the cpc central committee , members of the provincial - level party and government leading bodies should generally have a bachelor 's degree or above and a bachelor 's degree .
the central authorities also stipulate that the new provincial party committee secretary is under 59 years old and the provincial governor is under 56 years old .
in addition , in order to strengthen the cpc 's leadership over the people 's congresses at all levels , the chairmen of people 's congresses at all levels will be appointed concurrently by the secretaries of the party committees at the same level .
according to an informed source , since march last year , 62 party and government leaders in 31 provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities have been transferred or changed .
since last year , 14 provinces have completed the adjustment of local party committees , including those of inner mongolia , jiangxi , hubei , hainan , yunnan , and qinghai .
among the provincial , municipal , and autonomous regional governments , 11 provincial and ministerial - level officials , including the governors and mayors of shanghai , jiangxi , shandong , hunan , and yunnan , have been transferred to other posts .
us embassy in yemen attacked by grenade , no one injured
( agence france - presse , yemen and u . s . officials said that a young man of yemen threw grenades at the u . s . embassy in yemen the night before , but the young man was immediately arrested and no one was injured in the attack .
us embassy in italy receives mail bag containing white powder
in rome , the us embassy in italy received a mail bag containing white powder the day before yesterday , and embassy staff were worried that anthrax could be found in the mail bag .
a spokesman for the embassy said the mail bag had been handed over to the local fire brigade 's biochemical expert team for testing and the results would be announced next week .
an interior ministry official told a state - run television station that a 25 - year - old young man , named alwi , threw a grenade at the wall of the us embassy in the northeastern part of the capital of samara city .
he said that he had another grenade at the time of his arrest , from the state of mahvett , 60 kilometers northwest of samara .
the official said that the grenade bombing did not cause any casualties , nor did it cause any loss .
witnesses said that after the grenade bombing , the police immediately surrounded the surrounding area of the embassy .
in washington , state department spokesman boucher said that the preliminary investigation results showed that the embassy had not suffered any loss and that no one was injured .
the suspects are now being detained by the yemen authorities .
authorities said that the grenades were not thrown into the walls of the embassy .
new york stocks move higher
( comprehensive ) us consumer confidence and industrial production are rising at the same time , causing the wall street market to become more confident , the three major indexes to rise , and the dow jones industrial and commercial index to enter the fifth week more steadily .
investors believe that with the gradual recovery of the us economy , corporate profits are also expected to pick up , with the world 's largest chain of wal - mart stores and credit card issuers taking the lead in rising the dow jones index , the longest weekly increase since september 2000 .
the dow jones industrial and commercial index closed at 10,677.23 , up 90.09 or 0.9% .
the dow jones industrial average closed at 188.30 , up 14.16 points or 0.8 percent , while the standard & poor 's 500 index , which has a broader coverage , closed at 1,166.16 points , up 13.12 points or 1.1% .
in the whole week , the dow jones industrial average rose 0.3 percent to 5.8 percent .
the standard & poor 's 500 index rose 0.2 percent , while the us automatic price index fell 3.2 percent , the first drop in three weeks .
the us consumer confidence index released by the university of michigan on friday rose for the fifth time in six months to the highest level in 15 months , indicating that the momentum of economic recovery is not small .
on the other hand , the index of industrial production , which was released by the us government , rose 0.4 percent in february this year , the second increase in the past 17 months .
economists believe that these two data have made the outline of economic recovery clearer .
therefore , the future market trend may also move toward a more optimistic field .
on the new york stock exchange , the nyse volume rose 4 to 3 , with a turnover of 1.4 billion shares .
the dow jones industrial average rose 6 to 5 .
as far as the british market is concerned , the likely lay - off of the recording company , and the possibility of the suspension of the sale of stocks by the biotechnology company , the company , the company , will bring an optimistic atmosphere to the market and push the stock market to a high of 0.6 percent .
however , the second best - selling drug of the pharmaceutical manufacturer glaxosexual may face competition from indian opponents , and the german bank 's stock price forecast of the biggest mobile phone maker in europe has restricted the growth rate of the index .
the london financial times index closed at 5292.70 points on friday , up 31.30 points .
dprk patrol boats reportedly intruded into south korean territorial waters
( seoul , united states ) south korean officials said that a north korean patrol boat intruded into south korean territorial waters yesterday .
the south korean joint chiefs of staff said that the patrol boat crossed the yellow sea border by 1.5 kilometers and stayed for 42 minutes , and was driven by south korean warships .
it said that north korean patrol boats , while inspecting a cambodian cargo ship , unexpectedly intruded into south korean territorial waters .
the sea boundary between south korea and north korea is not clear , and yesterday 's invasion was the second in the middle of this year .
the rok accused the dprk of violating the western waters 12 times last year , but it was not serious every time .
in 1999 , a series of incidents involving north korean vessels triggered the first sea clash since the korean war , causing a north korean warship to sink , and it is believed that 30 north korean sailors were killed .
on the other hand , intelligence sources said that 25 north korean reformers stayed in a military base in the philippines yesterday before flying to south korea for asylum .
the refugees arrived at the manila airport from beijing on friday evening .
the relevant person said : " the documents they are going to south korea are being processed . "
the south korean foreign ministry said that the north korean people will fly to seoul on monday by a south korean airline plane .
al - qaeda to increase capital flow : us official
( washington comprehensive ) according to us media reports , a us official who declined to be named said on the day before yesterday that in recent weeks , the al - aqsa al - qaeda , the no . 1 terrorist in the international community , has increased financial activities . this shows that some leaders of the al - qaeda organization are resuming control over this organization and may seek to fund more attacks against us targets .
the official said that while the capital flow of the al - qaeda network is increasing , communications between the survivors of the al - qaeda network is also increasing .
information intercepted by us intelligence agencies shows that the small group of al - qaeda members and taliban militants are in contact .
most of the communications activities are concentrated in the northwestern part of pakistan , which is close to the afghan border .
the official said that these activities show that some well - known al - qaeda leaders are recovering their control over the remaining members of the terrorist group , but this us official is unwilling to list the names of these people .
the former head of the anti - terrorism department of the us central intelligence agency ( cia ) , the former director of the anti - terrorism department of the us central intelligence agency ( cia ) , cantwell , said that a large number of signs show that the al - qaeda organization is being reorganized , and the large number of communications links between them are carried out through the internet , and the exchange of funds is also very frequent .
kandahar also said that some evidence shows that the leadership of the al - qaeda organization has begun to become active .
taiwan 's democratic progressive party legislator chen jinde and fishing groups visit beijing
chen jinde , member of the legislative yuan of taiwan 's democratic progressive party [ dpp ] , arrived in beijing yesterday for a visit with a delegation from several fishing organizations in taiwan .
chen jinde was the first dpp member to visit the mainland after chinese vice premier qian qichen made a speech to welcome the broad masses of dpp members to visit the mainland in their proper capacity after marking the seventh anniversary of " jiang zemin 's eight - point proposal . "
chen jinde went to hong kong on saturday and arrived in beijing yesterday for a 10 - day visit .
chen jinde stressed that the purpose of the visit was to help him solve the problem of the shortage of fishing workers in the yilan constituency , and that he did not want to go to the mainland in his personal capacity . however , he disclosed that he would meet with officials of the chinese ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation and relevant non - governmental organizations in the mainland , and hoped that the beijing authorities would agree to resume the opening up of the fishing industry to taiwan .
after the chinese mainland banned the import of fishing workers to taiwan , there was a serious shortage of fishery personnel in the yilan region . in order to help the fishing industry in the constituency , chen jinde decided to go to beijing to meet with a delegation formed by the fishing association of taiwan province to help the industry , and hoped that the mainland would resume the opening up of the fishing industry to taiwan .
the delegation , composed of the chairmen of the 13 fishing associations in taiwan , was led by huang yongju , director general of the taiwan provincial fishing association , and left for beijing last thursday in the name of the " republic of china employment alliance . "
serious sandstorms again occur in beijing
( agence france - presse , beijing ) - china 's state media said that serious sandstorms again occurred in beijing yesterday .
although the government has invested a huge amount of money to improve beijing 's environment and prevent the desert from approaching beijing , eliminating the frequent sandstorms every year is still the main difficulty facing beijing municipality , which plans to host the 2008 olympic games .
the china national meteorological bureau predicted that the first sandstorm this year hit beijing last friday , and the cold air from mongolia is expected to cover beijing in the dust storms .
yang weixi ( transliteration ) , chief engineer of the desert control center of the chinese forestry ministry , told the " beijing weekly " : " i dare not say that there will be no sandstorms in 2008 .
what we can do is to control the artificial factors that cause sandstorms and prevent the desertification of the environment . "
he said , however , natural factors such as wind , drought , and desert that exceed people 's control ability have made it impossible for china to avoid sandstorms in the short term .
the chinese government has pledged to invest 56.8 billion yuan ( about 12.376 billion singapore dollars ) from 2002 to 2008 to prevent desertification and reduce sandstorms .
beijing alone will spend about 1 billion yuan ( about 220 million singapore dollars ) this year .
an expert from the chinese academy of forestry said : " the increase in fiscal appropriations will greatly improve the situation . however , it may take several decades to see the results of management . "
after conducting an investigation at the beginning of this year , chinese environmental experts warned that about one - third of china 's territory is now in the desert , which is mainly caused by human economic activities , such as excessive animal husbandry .
the report said that in the first six months of last year , 18 sandstorms occurred in beijing , all from inner mongolia , and 60 percent of the land in inner mongolia was desert .
at the just - concluded npc session this month , deputies from shanghai , beijing , and inner mongolia urged the government to " build a green great wall ( formed by forests ) " to stop the attack of sand storms .
according to a report by the " shanghai star , " xu shiyuan , vice president of the china geographical society , warned that if the government does not take emergency measures , sandstorms may even attack shanghai .
many working cadres found to have fake certificates in china
( hong kong comprehensive news ) in the mainland of china , the employment guidance center for the graduates of guangdong province 's colleges and universities recently verified the academic certificate of 15 officials sent by a certain city in the chaoshan region , and confirmed that seven of them were false certificates on the basis of their eyes .
hong kong newspapers reported that since may last year , the centre has received more than 3,500 certificates and more than 800 certificates of various types of false academic qualifications , with a rate of 23 per cent .
the report said that most of the fake certificates were issued by adult education and self - study examination certificates , of which two - thirds were forged on the street and one - third were issued by regular educational institutions .
the person in charge of the center also disclosed that since the inspection department was in the process of institutional reform at the time of the establishment of the inspection department , most of the units that were sent to the examination were organs and enterprises and institutions , and the proportion of the units that had forged documents was very high , and many of the owners of the false documents were working cadres .
with the approval of relevant departments of the ministry of education , the employment guidance center for graduates of colleges and universities in guangdong province is the only institution in china that has been authorized to carry out the nationwide certificate of higher education .
the responsible person also disclosed that out of consideration of the selection of officials , the state - owned banks at a prefectural - level have sent the diploma of 36 middle - level officials and backbone professional personnel to the examination , and only six of the results are true .
it has been learned that along with the appraisal , many private enterprises have also asked for appraisal , and the main items they have identified are the applicants and new recruits .
the examination department found that many of the college students ' certificates were fake .
last year , a large enterprise set up a branch in a place in the pearl river delta , recruiting a group of university students .
the boss sent more than 30 employees ' academic certificates to the examination and found that 10 of them were false .
in recent years , many institutions in other provinces have set up teaching posts in guangdong province , and they have no qualification to issue a certificate of education , but in order to attract students , they have resorted to fraud , claiming that they are able to issue a certificate of national recognition , and they have produced a batch of false certificates to students upon graduation .
25 korean asylum seekers arrive in seoul
( seoul ) twenty - five koreans who sought refuge arrived at the seoul international airport yesterday to start a new life in south korea .
after passing through , they waved to the korean television camera with a smile .
at a temporary press conference held at the airport , 43 - year - old factory worker li song said : " we hope to settle here and live in a free world full of hope . "
another man said : " since south korea is a free country , i will not hesitate to die here . "
this group of korean people intruded into the spanish embassy in beijing last thursday , resolutely indicating that they would go to south korea .
on friday , china allowed them to travel to seoul via the philippines .
they came from six families , two of whom had no parents .
they have been the largest group since the end of the korean war .
according to the seoul national intelligence agency , this group of people will join the 2,000 korean people who have settled in the rok , of which 138 will only seek refuge with the rok this year .
last year , 583 people went to the rok to break the record .
the newly arrived 25 people will be admitted to a government hostel near the capital of seoul .
the primary objective of the course is to help the rehabilitated offenders overcome the tense situation in exile and then receive guidance to adapt to the korean culture , including the understanding of capitalism .
the final step is to receive new work training .
the " new york man " weekly : iraqi intelligence agencies have been in close contact with qazi for many years
( comprehensive report from washington d . c . ) the latest issue of the " new york people " weekly reported that iraqi intelligence agencies have been maintaining close ties with the al - qaeda organization led by the 9.11 terrorist attacks .
it is reported that these two organizations jointly command a terrorist organization in northern iraq 's kurdish area .
the us central intelligence agency has always been suspicious of the allegation that iraqi president sonny doo and the al - qaeda network are linked .
in the past , the " hawkish " officials of the bush administration who supported military actions against iraq have been trying to find evidence of the connection between sonny doo and the al - qaeda organization .
the day before yesterday , these officials spoke highly of the report of the " new york people " weekly and pointed out that the report was the latest basis for supporting their arguments .
the report said that there was an ansar muslim guerrilla composed of kurds and arabs in iraq 's kurdish area , and members of the guerrillas had received training at the camp of osa .
the author of the report , gothenburg , said that he had interviewed several spies of the al - aqsa islamic guerrillas who were captured by the pro - us kurdish " kurdish patriotic alliance . " these spies claimed that the al - aqsa islamic guerrillas were jointly commanded by the islamic guerrillas , and pointed out that some of the al - aqsa fighters in afghanistan had fled to the iraqi kurdish area under the control of the al - aqsa islamic guerrillas .
the spies also said that iraq had been in baghdad in 1992 for a leader of al - qazi , who was a native of egypt .
us officials warned that the kurdish patriotic union may make a big issue of relevant reports in order to prove that the us plan to overthrow the sonny doo regime is reasonable .
cheney 's middle east visit fails : report
( agence france - presse , dubai ) - gulf countries ' newspapers said on monday that u . s . vice president dick cheney 's visit to the middle east was a failure .
cheney 's visit was aimed at persuading the middle east countries to support the us attack on iraq .
cheney went to kuwait on monday after visiting all the gulf countries , but even the most loyal us allies are opposed to attacking baghdad .
" what this vice president has heard is that the united states must stop israel 's terrorist activities and prevent israel from possessing weapons of mass destruction . "
the paper also pointed out : " if the united states continues to consider the interests of the middle east countries , it will lose its interests in the gulf region . "
the " gulf daily " of the united arab emirates also said : " this is a new failure of the united states in the middle east after it ran into a brick wall in europe .
most of the us european allies are openly opposed to the attack on iraq . "
cheney denied yesterday that his visit to the middle east was aimed at organizing military strikes against iraq .
at a joint press conference with bahrain 's crown prince sahman , he said that some people believed that the only interest of his visit was to organize military strikes against iraq , but he denied this .
cheney said that he and crown prince sahman mainly discussed the war on terror , the latest developments in the middle east situation , and the situation in afghanistan .
cheney arrived in israel on monday evening for a visit , and is expected to meet with israeli prime minister saron to discuss the latest developments in the israeli - palestinian situation .
on the other hand , the commanders of the israeli and palestinian theaters in the west bank and the qassam region yesterday unexpectedly held talks to stop violent activities in the region .
this meeting may be the first step taken by israel to withdraw its troops from the palestinian - controlled area .
the palestinian side said that if the israeli army does not withdraw from these areas , the palestinian side will not participate in the peace talks that the united states will mediate .
britain increases police patrols in street crimes
( london - us united microelectronics ) the british government is committed to resolving the increasingly serious street crime problem and will deploy more police to patrol .
interior minister brundtland said it is very necessary to curb the rising street robbery and violence and increase police patrols .
he said : " we should indeed rectify the order on the streets , because law - abiding citizens hope to walk safely on the streets and live a safe life , and there is no need to fear that they will be attacked . "
despite the decline in the overall crime rate in britain , the number of street crimes increased by 13 percent from 2000 to 2001 .
the situation in london is even more shocking , and the number of robbery cases reported in september and november 2001 alone was 10,298 , more than double the figure of 8,614 in the same period of the previous year .
the government also said that the increase in crimes was mainly due to the large increase in the number of mobile phones , and more than 700,000 mobile phone robberies occurred throughout the country last year .
this is the first time that the british police have focused their crackdown on street hooligans and robbery , and in the past , they have concentrated their efforts on the illegal possession of guns and the sale of drugs on the streets .
the new plan will first be implemented in 10 streets where crimes are more concentrated .
police will step up patrols in these streets and provide more protection to victims .
workers from 10 state - owned factories in liaoning demonstrate
( agence france - presse , beijing ) - workers of 10 state - owned factories in liaoyang city , northeast china 's liaoning province , held a collective demonstration yesterday to protest against arrears of wages and pensions , too low fines , and corruption .
at the same time , demonstrations against the dismissal of oil workers in daqing city , heilongjiang province , have been going on for three weeks .
the china human rights and democracy information center in hong kong said that the liaoyang city public security bureau arrested a demonstration organizers and 54 - year - old yao fuxin on sunday , and also pursued more than 10 other workers who organized the demonstration .
according to yao 's relative , who declined to reveal his name , " he did not come back when he went out to buy things , and several people saw him taken away . "
in addition , in the daqing oil field in heilongjiang province , the police and the daqing petroleum administration have told reporters that the sit - in demonstration of the dismissed oil workers has entered the third week , but the number of workers taking part in the sit - in has decreased from 50,000 to more than 1,000 .
it is reported that workers in these two cities have set up independent trade unions and decided to hold negotiations through election representatives .
according to the law , such action is not permitted .
han dongfang , the host of the china workers ' movement organization in hong kong , said : although the two demonstrations started at the end of the npc , the problem has existed for a long time .
han also said that a demonstration also took place in a textile factory in guangyuan city , sichuan province , on monday . as a result , 1,000 workers were arrested for organizing a weekend strike .
the investigation report of the singapore airlines air crash has repeatedly delayed the prosecutor 's inquiries about the inside story .
( taipei news ) one and a half years have passed since the crash of the new air crash , but the investigation report of the taiwan air safety committee has been delayed again and again , resulting in the stagnation of the investigation of the taoyuan prefectural investigation bureau , and the prosecutors have questioned the possibility of the accident , and the flight safety council has promised to deliver the investigation report in april .
at 11 : 18 p.m . on october 31 , 2000 , the singapore airlines flight from the airport of chiang kai - shek to los angeles , the united states , crashed into the right runway , resulting in the explosion of two excavators on the runway , killing 83 passengers and injuring nearly 100 passengers .
the " chung - kuo shih - pao " reported yesterday that the taoyuan prefectural investigation bureau , which was responsible for investigating and affixing the criminal responsibility after the air crash , had several disputes with the fei an unit that investigated the fei an accident .
since the air crash , wang tien - sheng , procurator - general of the taoyuan district procuratorate , has been promoted to the post of procurator - general of taichung , and chen shou - huang has taken over the post of chief procurator , and huang chih - hsin , the prosecutor in charge of the case , has also been transferred to the north investigation , and the case has been taken over by jiang yuan .
the flight safety council originally said that the investigation report could be completed at the end of last year , and later the investigation report was postponed to the end of january . after january , it was completed . so far , no follow - up action has been taken . with the urge of the prosecutor , the flight safety council promised to deliver the report in april .
due to the fact that some of the victims ' families have filed a huge civil compensation with the us court , the victims include singapore airlines and the taiwan civil aviation authority .
the claim of the family members of the victims is tantamount to accusing the taiwan control tower of being responsible for the loss of control . therefore , the investigation conclusion of the taoyuan prefectural investigation department is particularly eye - catching .
algeria willing to hold bilateral talks with china if it abides by us cease - fire agreement
( jerusalem comprehensive ) israeli prime minister saalon said yesterday that if palestinian leader alarcon implements the cease - fire agreement proposed by the united states , israel will allow alpha to leave palestinian territory .
us vice president dick cheney also said yesterday that if alaska implements the us cease - fire agreement , he is ready to hold talks with the other side on the middle east peace process in the near future .
arab league secretary general moussa said yesterday that the arab league will support a plan to exchange land for peace at next week 's summit to prevent the continued escalation of violent conflicts in the middle east .
in an interview with the italian newspaper " evening post , " moussa said : " i believe that the arab summit to be held in beirut will have a clear and consistent stand , that is , to exchange land for peace .
when the time comes , israel must make a decision . "
egyptian foreign minister mahmoud ahmadinejad said on the day before yesterday that even if israel does not allow alpha to attend the arab league summit , saudi arabia will still put forward a peace motion at the summit to resolve the middle east violent conflicts .
annan condemns israeli military action for not taking personal safety into account
on the other hand , the day before yesterday , un secretary general annan sent a letter to saron condemning israel for not taking into account the safety of civilians in its gradually escalating military action , and pointing out that the conflict " has evolved into a conventional war without a bit of restraint . "
annan said : israel has dispatched the faf16 fighter bombers , helicopters , naval armed transport planes , and missiles to carry out intensive bombing , " causing thousands of innocent civilians , including women and children , to be injured or killed , and many buildings and houses to be damaged or destroyed . "
annan called on the israeli security forces to " use weapons and operational methods that pose the minimum threat to the safety and property of palestinian civilians . "
global warming once again warns of the complete collapse of the antarctic ice cap
( auckland comprehensive ) experts from the us national ice and snow data center said yesterday that the antarctic has completely broken down and split into several thousand ice mountains , and this is the largest of these incidents in the past 30 years , thus issuing another warning on the issue of global warming .
it has been learned that a section of the larson b ice , with an area of 3,250 square kilometers , near the eastern coast of the south pole island , has been completely destroyed in 35 days .
the center warned that with the arrival of the hot summer , other ice towers are also on the brink of collapse .
this indicates that the flow of the ice river in the southern hemisphere will increase , the global sea level will rise , and this will cause harm to the low - lying areas .
the center , located at the university of colorado , said on its website ( nidc . org ) that it might have been 10,000 tons in 2000 and 720 billion tons of ice , which started to split up on january 31 this year , and the ice has formed several thousand floating ice mountains in the weidan sea .
the center also said that the reason for the split of the ice cap was the regional climate warming .
over half of british do not agree with us government 's support for iraq
( london comprehensive ) a public opinion poll released yesterday showed that more than half of the british voters did not support the us government 's attack on iraq .
the results of a poll conducted by the " guardian " and the opinion polls conducted by the internet bar show that 51 percent of the voters are opposed to britain 's support for the us attack on iraq .
this is contrary to similar polls conducted last year and three years ago , when the majority of british voters supported the attack on iraq .
a similar poll released by the us cable news network and times magazine on the day before yesterday showed that 70 percent of americans support the government 's attack on iraq to overthrow the sonny doo regime .
in ottawa , canadian prime minister jean chretien said the day before yesterday that canada would consider joining if the us - led coalition forces attack iraq .
jean chretien and other canadian ministers have always been uneasy about bush 's hard - line attitude toward the iraqi sonny doo regime , and have consistently insisted that there is no evidence to show that sonny doo has links with the al - aqsa organization .
however , after chretien arrived in washington last thursday for talks with bush , he seemed to have changed his original position .
he told cbs that he would seriously consider any request for military aid from the united states outside afghanistan .
he said : " on the issue of military participation , if there is a situation like ( afghanistan ) in other places , we will study the situation at that time , as we did in afghanistan . "
us to reduce air patrols in domestic airspace
( agence france - presse , washington ) - u . s . defense department officials said on monday that the bush administration has decided to lower the alert level of air force fighter patrols since the 9 / 11 attacks , but will still maintain a relatively small number of patrols and allow aircraft to await orders on the runway .
the defense ministry said that the continuous cruise around the clock had already cost the air force 500 million us dollars ( about 900 million singapore dollars ) , but the air patrols over washington will continue , and air patrols in the new york area will stop except for emergency situations .
the airport and airlines have stepped up security measures after the september 11 incident , and the authorities have decided to reduce or stop air patrols .
defense ministry spokesman clark told reporters : " we are studying a plan that combines different forms , including the patrol of fighter planes in the airspace over a specific area , the temporary decision , and the waiting measures on the runway at different levels . "
the runway awaiting orders means that the aircraft is ready to take off at any time .
she also said that the alert will be adjusted at any time according to the level of threat .
seven killed , 30 injured in bus blast
( comprehensive report from jerusalem ) police said that a suicide bomber killed seven people and injured about 30 people in a bus that exploded in an arab town of the northern part of israel yesterday .
most of the buses were carried by israeli arabs at that time .
the palestinian islamic holy war organization acknowledged the attack .
the palestinian authorities have condemned this violent act .
this is the most serious attack since the us envoy to the middle east arrived in the middle east last thursday to urge israel and palestine to reach a cease - fire agreement .
a spokesman for the bus company said : " the team members dared to die because they exploded on the back side of the bus .
the car was full of guests at that time . it was sailing from tel aviv to the northern israeli city of nazarbayev . "
the spokesman also said that most passengers were israeli arabs who rushed to work .
the explosion occurred in the " green line " area close to the separation of israel and the west bank .
the attack brought the death toll of palestinians to 1,562 since the september 1999 uprising .
us senator : infected tianhua terrorists can spread virus at airport
( washington , united states ) at a hearing on biological and chemical weapons on the day before yesterday , us senator frist warned that the spread of the deadly virus or bacteria at the airport by terrorists who are infected with the sky may spread the virus across the country and may lead to tens of thousands or even millions of deaths .
at the hearing , fossett said that the terrorists infected with the sky had entered an airport . through cough , sneezing , and even breathing , he could pass the virus to 10 innocent passengers , and these 10 passengers could then spread the virus to the whole country , and could lead to tens of thousands or even millions of deaths .
he said that this might be a possible form of weapons of mass destruction .
it does not need to launch missiles , nor does it need to attract people 's attention like anthrax .
the victims of the disease and the defense personnel who prevent these weapons from being attacked may never know where these viruses ( bacteria ) come from .
experts told the senate foreign relations committee : this is the part of the reason why biochemical weapons are so dangerous .
biden , chairman of the senate foreign relations committee , said that preventing attacks by biological and chemical weapons is " an extremely urgent issue that we must pay attention to . "
in order to prevent enemy missiles from carrying any warhead to attack the united states , the united states still needs to build a missile defense system .
hundreds of thousands of us and south korean soldiers hold large - scale exercise
( agence france - presse , seoul ) - hundreds of thousands of u . s . and south korean soldiers will carry out the largest - scale simulated military exercise against north korea on thursday , which has been criticized by pyongyang as a provocative act of war .
on the eve of a week - long military exercise , us military officers said that the exercise was purely defensive in nature , but it happened after the seoul authorities warned not to ignore the danger of the korean issue .
this is the largest military exercise since the 1950 - 53 korean war , and because it has not concluded a formal treaty on ending the conflict on the korean peninsula , it has become the last cold war front in the world , and nearly two million troops are facing each other on the border .
the us - rok coalition command in seoul said that the exercise from march 21 to 27 will be the first time to test its effectiveness by combining two different joint military exercises .
this means that hundreds of thousands of soldiers will participate , but the military did not disclose details .
a spokesman for the coalition command said that the exercise would mobilize almost every us military unit and south korean military unit on the korean peninsula , as well as us troops from outside the region .
a total of 37,000 us troops are stationed in the rok to prevent the dprk from launching an attack with 1.1 million troops .
the rok also has 650,000 troops .
the joint command said that the exercise was conducted by the us side , which was a combination of the computerised military exercise and the annual " young eagle " exercise .
in the past few years , marriott alone mobilized 500,000 south korean troops and 30,000 us troops ( including 20,000 us troops from outside ) .
the dprk accused the united states of carrying out a joint military exercise in an attempt to provoke a war .
the official " nodong sinmun " even claimed that the us - rok military exercise was a " declaration of war . "
chinese media praise strategic missile force
( beijing faxin ) amid the controversy over the us " nuclear posture assessment " regarding china as a target of nuclear attack , china 's official media yesterday praised its strategic missile force .
" jiefangjun bao , " " renmin ribao , " and other official newspapers have published " forging a peace shield of the republic " on their front pages and highly praised china 's second artillery corps , including strategic missiles and nuclear weapons units .
the article describes the use of the " strategic missile training simulation system " by this unit to simulate nuclear attacks launched by an enemy country and the counterattack by the " red army " or china .
the " red army " rapidly drew up a combat plan through modern procedures and deployed a new type of missile launching vehicle in the deep mountains and jungle .
this article , which is full of technical words , describes the application of new anti - interference and anti - reconnaissance technology by the second artillery corps , and shows its great ability .
the article also said that one missile after another " took off from the mountains , accurately hit the targets , " and successfully carried out a counterattack .
the second artillery corps has an estimated 100,000 nco 's , which is the core of china 's efforts to improve the combat technology of the army .
the article , which describes the process of the growth of china 's missile and nuclear forces since the late 1950 s , is published at a time when sino - us relations are once again tense .
prevent korean people from " breaking into the embassy " again , china strengthens security in the museum area
( hong kong news ) the chinese police recently conducted an internal review of the incident in which 25 korean people intruded into the spanish embassy last week .
it is estimated that in beijing alone , more than 150 korean people have been waiting for an opportunity to go to the rok , and the authorities have stepped up security at the main embassies of the rok , japan , and western countries to prevent the recurrence of this incident .
the " sing tao daily " reported yesterday that according to a report from the public security department , since the 25 dprk people intruded into the embassy in the western part of the country on 14 march , the beijing police have , on the basis of strengthening the security of the embassies of sensitive countries after the " 9 september " incident , made further arrangements for the security of the embassies of non - sensitive countries . at the same time , they have also strengthened contacts with the dprk and rok embassy personnel in beijing .
the source pointed out that the rok embassy personnel told the chinese officials that the rok side did not support the dprk people 's visit to the rok in this way , and the rok did not want such incidents to happen again , so as to avoid affecting the relations between china and the korean peninsula . the rok side also promised to the chinese side that it is willing to help china manage the rok residents in beijing .
it has been disclosed that there are about 10,000 korean people living in the liangma river in beijing 's dongcheng district and chaoyang district , including the korean people from northeast china , as well as people from the dprk and the rok , who are mainly engaged in the business of the dprk - style restaurants , bars , and so on . as they are of the korean nationality , they are also in harmony no matter where they come from .
in the past , since there were not many korean people in beijing , nor were they involved in many criminal crimes , the authorities did not regard them as a key target of monitoring .
according to the report , after the 14 march incident , the public security department will first help the 25 korean doctors " ask " to " talk " with the public security department and then send him to the airport to ask him to leave the country immediately .
after that , the public security and national security departments conducted an internal review .
the review mainly consists of two aspects , namely , the security of the ambassador 's office area and the management of personnel of the korean nationality in beijing .
in addition , the authorities have also asked relevant departments in jilin and other areas to take effective measures to prevent korean people who have illegally entered beijing from entering beijing .
yellow sand on korean peninsula brings dust to cover the sky in pyongyang
( agence france - presse , pyongyang and seoul ) - the sandstorm that has just swept across northern china fiercely attacked the korean peninsula yesterday . most of the areas , including pyongyang , the capital of north korea , and seoul , are covered with brown and yellow sand .
according to xinhua news agency , a strong sandstorm hit pyongyang early yesterday morning .
since the early morning , the entire pyongyang has been covered by a piece of grey dust .
this is the first sandstorm that north korea has experienced since spring this year .
six routes suspended
according to another report by the beijing people 's network , a large area of " sandstorms " occurred in the rok yesterday . apart from the renchuan international airport , six domestic routes were suspended .
" sandstorms " have occurred in the whole country of the rok .
according to a test by the korean environment ministry , the amount of small dust in the sky of seoul yesterday afternoon was 17 times that of the normal level , reaching 1,000 micrograms per cubic meter , the highest record in history .
under the influence of the nationwide dust weather , apart from the normal operation of the renchuan international airport , six domestic routes , such as daqiu , weishan , and putian , have been suspended , and passengers of more than 30 flights have changed to other transport means .
in addition , according to an associated press report , the south korean government yesterday ordered kindergartens and primary schools throughout the country to temporarily suspend classes for one day to prevent children from being polluted by air .
so far , there have been three dust storms in seoul , south korea .
the south korean meteorological agency yesterday predicted that " a large number of dust storms in the desert areas such as china and mongolia spread over the northern part of china and passed through south korea by the northwest wind . "
this is enough to destroy medium - sized cities ' small planets passing through the earth .
( florida , melbourne , florida ) a small planet , which is large enough to destroy a medium - sized city , has not been discovered in advance at a distance of 43,000 kilometers from the earth , and astronomers did not know the matter until four days later .
the planet , which is about 50 meters in diameter , comes from the direction of the sun , and it is difficult to discover it .
the planet passed the earth on march 8 , but it was already far away when it was discovered on march 12 .
williams , who is located at the cambridge international astronomical association center , massachusetts , helped determine the position of the planet .
from the angle of astronomy , this small planet is very close to the earth because the moon is 400,000 km away from the earth .
williams told florida 's " today daily " on wednesday : " the key lies in the fact that the star should be detected before the sun is issued . "
only in this way can astronomers determine the orbit of a small planet as soon as possible and predict whether it will crash into the earth .
in 1908 , a big and small star hit the earth and hit a pit 32 kilometers wide in siberia 's forest .
interior minister proves that senior government advisers shot to death by " chili brigade "
( agence france - presse , rome ) - italian interior minister scajola confirmed the day before yesterday that the italian government 's high - ranking adviser , biyaji , was shot to death by an extreme left - wing guerrilla " chili brigade . "
scajola said that two men who shot and killed biya even used a pistol similar to political assassination three years ago .
on the other hand , italian prime minister berlusconi has taken the initiative to invite trade union leaders to return to the negotiating table to discuss his employment reform plan .
the 52 - year - old adviser to the labor department , biyaji , is also an economist and a law professor .
he was shot to death by a motorcycle gunmen when he returned to his home in the northern city of borloya on tuesday night , which shocked the italian political arena .
biya has helped draft a labor reform plan strongly opposed by trade unions and left - wing elements .
they considered that the scheme would make it easier for employers to dismiss workers .
witnesses said that biya was lying in a pool of blood , and the other side was his briefcase .
the home of biya was also found to be engraved with the five - star logo of the red brigade , but it is not clear at this moment when it was engraved .
founded in 1973 , the chili brigade was suspected of being involved in several explosions and assassination activities in italy in the 1970 s and 1980 s , including kidnapping and killing former prime minister moro in 1978 .
chinese engineers sentenced to five years ' imprisonment for illegally obtaining state secrets and offering bribes to chinese engineers
( beijing united states ) the beijing no. 1 intermediate people 's court yesterday sentenced fang fuming , an american chinese engineer , to five years ' imprisonment for illegally obtaining state secrets and offering bribes on behalf of a company .
the case once triggered protests from the united states .
a spokesman for the us embassy in china said that fang fuming will be expelled after the prison term expires .
the prison term will be adjusted according to the time of his imprisonment .
the us embassy sent a diplomat to attend the hearing .
fang fuming 's lawyer said that his party had been in jail for two years , but china said it had not been so long .
xinhua news agency confirmed the verdict .
it said that from 1995 to 1999 , fang fuming obtained 35 documents containing state secrets and took bribes of us $ 240,000 ( now about 45,000 singapore dollars ) from chinese civil servants to assist foreign investors in bidding for china 's power projects .
fang fuming is an electrical engineering adviser to foreign companies in china and other parts of asia .
fang fuming 's lawyer cohen said that fang fuming denied that he had offered bribes and said that he was a victim of the corruption of china 's power officials .
fang fuming was a chinese power official in the past and became a us citizen in 1994 .
in the past two years , a number of us citizens and residents have been accused of violating china 's national security law .
fang fuming 's detention once made sino - us relations tense .
the us government has time and again protested against china 's handling of the fang fu ming case , pointing out that the detention of the authorities has not violated international norms for several months .
fang fuming 's family said that he was treated badly .
his wife and two children are american citizens .
cohen said that fang fuming was detained on 28 february 2000 , but the detention period proposed by the chinese foreign ministry was 28 august 2000 .
china does not want to confirm whether hu jintao will visit the united states according to the original plan .
( beijing comprehensive report ) sino - us relations , which had been heating up because of us president bush 's visit to china , were rapidly cooling down , and china yesterday confirmed the cancellation of the plan for the naval vessel formation to visit the us port this year , and refused to confirm whether state vice president hu jintao would visit the united states as scheduled .
in answering a question at a regular press conference , foreign ministry spokeswoman zhang qiyue said : " as far as i know , the chinese naval vessel formation is preparing to visit foreign countries as planned , and their plan does not include the us port . "
when a reporter asked her twice whether hu jintao 's plan to visit the united states was affected or not , and asked her to clarify whether the earlier reply could be interpreted as that hu jintao 's visit to the united states would be carried out as scheduled in april , zhang qiyue did not want to make more comments or confirm it .
zhang qiyue only repeatedly criticized the us side for " doing a series of things in violation of the three sino - us joint communiques " in a short period of one month after bush 's visit to china , and demanded that the us side " stop using the taiwan issue to interfere in china 's internal affairs . "
on the other hand , in washington , the united states paid no attention to the " cold wind " that china warned sino - us relations , and insisted that the united states would allow taiwan 's defense secretary to attend the " us - taiwan defense summit " in florida .
beijing has repeatedly criticized the united states for issuing a visa to taiwan 's defense minister tang yao - ming earlier this month to attend a meeting sponsored by us arms dealers .
at that time , tang yao - ming also met with two senior us officials .
at the regular news conference , state department spokesman richard boucher was asked by reporters about china 's complaints about this matter , but he clearly and forcefully avoided engaging in a verbal war with china .
he said : " after the talks , our stand is known to all .
you have to ask me every day , i am willing to explain every day , china wants to ask this matter every day , and we are willing to explain it every day . "
he said : " there is no change in our stand . these are normal contacts between us and the taiwan people , and we will continue to do so . "
zhang qiyue also confirmed a russian media report yesterday that chinese president jiang zemin had a telephone conversation with russian president putin at the request of russian president putin the night before , and the two sides mainly exchanged views on the issue of mutually beneficial cooperation between china and russia .
both sides held that the mutually beneficial cooperation between china and russia conforms to the interests of the two countries and the two peoples .
