no news of european mars probe dog landing on the 2 nd
( agence france - presse , london , 1 st ) - the spokesman of the mars exploration program , bart , said that a u . s . satellite is unable to link up with the landing boat of the european little hunting dog no . 2 , which has already landed on mars , and the hope to collect signals from the little dog no . 2 is now in the hope of its mother ship , the mars express .
balaguer said , " we have not obtained any further results . "
he said , " now we have placed our hope on its mother ship mars express , waiting for it to collect intelligence . "
the us odyssey spacecraft on mars failed to receive any information on the 2 nd from the european mars detector dog , and the little dog ii still continued to search for signs of life on mars after it landed on mars .
the mars odyssey spacecraft is another exploration mission launched by the us space agency into mars .
the european space agency in paris said that the man - made satellite made by the european - made mars express has been launched to the extreme orbit of mars , hoping that it will still send back some signals next week .
the dog no. 2 was originally scheduled to land on mars during the christmas , but its signal is still hard to find .
on december 2 nd , after leaving the mother ship mars express , the little dog became the first european spacecraft to land on another star .
during the 18 - day flight mission , the little dog no . 2 plans to test the rock , soil , signal transmission mode , or all life on mars .
scientists have boldly predicted that the british spacecraft may be bogged down in a pit .
pakistani president musharraf wins confidence vote in senate and house of representatives
( agence france - presse , islamabad , january 1 ) - pakistani president musharraf today won the confidence vote in the house of representatives and the house of representatives under the circumstances of the islamic fundamentalists ' abstention and opposition resistance . this confidence vote has determined that musharraf 's rule will continue until 2007 .
" musharraf has won a majority vote in the parliament , " information minister rashid told afp .
no members of the parliament voted against him . "
in the 342 - seat house of representatives , 191 members of the house of representatives voted in support of musharraf , islamic fundamentalists abstention , and opposition parties resisted the controversial confidence vote .
musharraf made concessions to the six muslim political parties , agreeing to resign from the post of army commander - in - chief , and at the same time seeking the approval of the supreme court within one month after the dissolution of the parliament .
in the 100 - seat senate , 56 senators voted in support of musharraf , 42 muslim fundamentalists and opposition members abstention or resisted .
musharraf won the political power in the october 1999 coup and subsequently refused to step down .
former anti - riot forces to join military leadership : president
( agence france - presse , phuket , july 1 ) - the president of the burundi republic , the president of the republic of the republic of the republic of the republic of the republic of the republic of the republic of the republic of the republic of the united states , said in a new year speech to the people of the whole country today that the post - war joint chiefs of staff will be formed by next week , and the members will include the former leaders of the anti - fascist army .
the former resistance army " democratic security army " welcomed this move and praised it as an " important step " toward the establishment of a new armed force .
the new military leadership will be ready by january 7 , and four of them will be the former anti - army leaders , the president said in a television speech .
" all parties to the ( november 2003 cease - fire ) agreement must complete the place where the soldiers are stationed by january 5 at the latest , " said ndazye .
he also said that the joint chiefs of staff , including former anti - resistance military leaders , must be ready by january 7 .
the operation was mainly related to the " democratic security army " , the largest of the six anti-military organizations that signed the peace agreement .
the seventh anti-japanese army organization , the " national liberation army , " refused to sign a peace agreement .
about 300,000 people have been killed since the civil war broke out in 1993 between the tiger rebels and the tutsi government army .
china seizes 186 tons of us beef
( agence france - presse , beijing , 2 nd ) - china 's state - owned media , " beijing youth daily , " reported today that due to market fears that the import of beef is infected with mad cow disease , relevant authorities carried out market inspection and detained 186 tons of u . s . beef in beijing yesterday .
according to the ministry of agriculture 's proposal , the beef will be destroyed after testing , the beijing youth daily said .
more than 30 countries in the world suspended imports of us beef last week , and china is also one of them .
except for milk and other milk products , leather and photo - taking , all cattle - related products are listed in the ban .
the beijing agricultural bureau has recently issued a series of preventive and control and supervision laws and launched a comprehensive market inspection , the beijing youth daily reported .
at present , there is no case of mad cow disease in china .
this is the second time in the past week that the authorities have detained 60 kilograms of beef from the us state of washington , where mad cow cases have been reported in a us cargo ship in ningbo , zhejiang province .
although statistics from the ministry of commerce show that china imported meat worth 532 million us dollars from the united states last year , the import of us beef is still unknown .
from january to july last year , china imported a total of $ 316 million worth of meat from the united states .
north korea authorize us delegation to visit yongbyon nuclear facilities
( agence france - presse , washington , 2 nd ) - u . s . newspaper reported today that pyongyang has authorized a u . s . delegation , including top nuclear scientists , to visit north korea 's yongbyon nuclear facilities next week .
members of the delegation told the us newspaper today that the bush administration had approved the us delegation 's scheduled visit to north korea from january 6 to 10 .
this will be the first visit by a foreign delegation to a disputed nuclear facility in north korea since un inspectors were expelled from north korea a year ago .
members of the us delegation include a chinese expert from stanford university , two foreign policy assistants from the senate , and a former state department official responsible for dealing with pyongyang .
the delegation 's nuclear experts , who led the national laboratory in the united states , were the first to develop the atomic bomb between 1985 and 1997 .
prior to this , north korea recently notified the us embassy in beijing that pyongyang was ready to attend the delay of the second round of six - party talks on the nuclear crisis on the korean peninsula .
us officials pointed out early this week that pyongyang has indicated that it is ready to attend the six - party talks to be held early this year .
no conclusion was reached at the end of the first round of six - party talks held in beijing in august last year . north korea later criticized the negotiations as " totally useless . "
the second round of six - party talks was originally scheduled to be held in december last year , but the talks were postponed to the beginning of this year because of the differences in the stance on the solution of the issue .
washington has demanded that north korea unilaterally abandon its nuclear weapons program , while pyongyang has insisted that the united states provide a legally binding security guarantee as a condition for it to abandon its nuclear development program .
us government says it has nothing to do with us delegation to visit north korea
( agence france - presse , washington , 2 nd ) - the u . s . government said today that it has nothing to do with the u . s . delegation to the yongbyon nuclear power plant , which is preparing to visit north korea , and hopes to take advantage of this visit to inspect the nuclear power plant in ningbian , which has triggered a diplomatic storm between the two countries .
while china is making efforts to urge the united states , north korea , japan , russia , and south korea to return to the negotiating table , a delegation of us scholars , experts , and scientists , as well as a delegation of us congressional assistants , is planning to visit north korea .
" we have nothing to do with the plan of this group or these groups to visit north korea , " us state department deputy spokesman ereli said .
erelli said , " i think everyone should know exactly that these groups or individuals do not represent the government . "
one of the delegations was led by a senior chinese expert from stanford university , a nuclear scientist , and former director of the salem morris laboratory , who included the special envoy of the us state department to hold talks with north korea last year .
the delegation will visit the yongbyon nuclear power plant , but a member of the delegation told afp that the visit is still uncertain .
there may also be variables after extensive media reports on the visit , and it is still uncertain whether the delegation will be allowed to enter north korea .
the other delegation is led by the assistant to the senate foreign relations committee chairman lujia , and the assistant to the senate foreign relations committee , joseph biden , chief democratic member of the senate foreign relations committee .
us waiting for israel to clarify the golan heights reclamation plan
( agence france - presse , washington , 2 nd ) - u . s . government said today that israel has not yet given a satisfactory answer to the u . s . request to clarify the plan of israel to expand the jewish land reclamation in the golan heights occupied by israel .
the state department said that after the report on this wednesday ( 31 st ) incident , israel had already responded to the request of the united states .
however , israel 's reply could not fully remove the us question .
state department deputy spokesman erelli said : " we have been answered , but it is not a clear answer . we are not clear about this situation . "
he reiterated that washington opposes any new israeli reclamation activities .
" we have made it clear that we oppose the new land reclamation activities , and we do not think it is beneficial , and we should stop the land reclamation activities . "
according to media reports , israel plans to set up nine new settlements in the golan heights occupied by syria in 1967 , and to increase the number of jewish population from 10,500 to about 15,000 in three years .
this occupation measure has been widely criticized by many arab countries as violating the law .
toyota motor wins north american annual car title
( agence france - presse , detroit , 4 th ) - toyota motor vehicles were selected by reporters as the north american annual passenger car at the detroit international car show today , while ford 's fafl - 150 - size trucks were selected as annual trucks .
" this award is very sure of the power - driven hybrid vehicle system , " said the executive vice president of toyota motor marketing .
the redesigned 2004 ribs car is driven by gasoline and electric power , which was launched in october last year , with a licence price of 20,000 us dollars per vehicle , and the initial sales are better than expected .
last month , toyota motor announced an increase of 31 percent in the output of friends .
pures said that toyota hopes that the successful launch of the new marriage will stimulate the success of the hatchet , which is also a driving force for gasoline and electric power , to create a good result at the time of the launch later this year .
the new hatchet will appear at the north american international automobile exhibition in the next few days .
today 's exhibition will only be open to the media .
ford company 's redesigned fafl - 150 truck won the title of " year - end trucks " .
according to the president of a sales department of ford , ford 's fsa - 150 is the world 's best - selling vehicle , and the 2004 fss - 150 car model has been re - designed . it has set the highest sales figure in december last year , with a total of 84,600 vehicles sold .
the company is prepared to make use of the success of the initial sales of the faff - 150 , which is expected to reach the target of one million trucks this year , said the company .
zambia ready to expel british writer suspected of insulting his president
( agence france - presse , lusa , 5 th ) - the interior minister of zambia , siqazi , said that zambia had ordered british writer clark to leave the country within 24 hours . the reason was that clark " humiliated " the president of zambia , mwanawa , in a weekly special column article published in the civilian newspaper , the post .
" clark will have to leave the country within 24 hours , " he told a group of demonstrators to the interior ministry requesting the expulsion of clark 's supporters .
i would like to announce to the whole country that we have taken action . "
however , in an interview with afp , clark claimed that he had not received any notification .
" i do n't know at all about the expulsion order , " clark said .
interior ministry executive secretary meng ba said earlier that he had suggested the interior minister to issue a passenger order .
meng ba said : " when a person insult the president of a country , it is tantamount to insult the people he represents , and he should go back to write an article on his own people . "
clark has lived in zambia for many years and married the famous women 's rights movement in zambia as a wife .
the post editor mumber said he was willing to be responsible for the article published last thursday and urged the government of zambia to point the spearhead at him rather than clark .
in the past , zambia expelled foreigners who were suspected of insulting the president or government leaders .
koizumi vowed to continue economic reform this year
( agence france - presse , tokyo , 5 th ) - japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi vowed at a press conference on the first working day after the new year holidays that he would continue to promote economic reform this year . he said : " although the economic situation is still in difficulty , we can finally see signs of recovery . "
koizumi stressed : " i will adhere to the reform policy and continue to push forward the reform .
efforts to continue reform will promote economic recovery . "
koizumi said he would particularly focus on the parliament 's deliberations on the privatization of postal services this year .
he said , " we will eventually take action on the privatization of postal services , which is the main axis of economic reform . "
koizumi added that he hoped to present the bill to the diet early next year .
koizumi has promised to completely privatization the postal service with 28,000 employees in 2007 .
japan 's postal service industry is regarded as the world 's largest bank by relying on its 355 - trillion - yen ( us $ 3.3 - trillion ) savings and insurance fund .
however , this large - scale plan still faces strong opposition from conservative congressmen .
the plan started in 1993 when koizumi was minister of postal service .
analysts pointed out that the japanese economy is expected to maintain a stable growth of about two percent this year , but the japanese public may still worry about further pay cuts and lay - offs .
japan 's unemployment rate is still higher than 5 percent at a time when many companies continue to rectify to ensure profits .
us starts to take photos of foreign visitors , keep fingerprints
( agence france - presse , washington , 5 th ) - at a time when singapore , the largest airport in asia , supports the deployment of air armed police to cope with terrorist threats , the united states today started to take pictures of foreign visitors and keep fingerprints .
in the past week , washington has been forced to cancel a number of flights to and from the united states at a time when global air safety concerns have been rising .
the new measures for taking photos and keeping fingerprints are only applicable to foreign visitors who need to obtain a visa to enter the united states , and it is generally expected that the total number of such visitors will reach 23 million this year .
the homeland security department , which is responsible for the implementation of the " us visitor and immigration identity display technology " project , pointed out that citizens of most 28 countries in europe are exempted from the above procedures .
immigration groups accused the plan of infringing on the freedom of citizens and a step toward building a monitoring society , and homeland security secretary ridge has spared no effort in defending the plan .
" one of the primary responsibilities of any government is to ensure the security of the border . we are promoting this program . i think it will not lose at all . in fact , it takes only about 15 seconds , and obviously no one will care about it . "
by 2005 , all the entry points of the land , sea , and air will be ready to take pictures and keep fingerprint technology .
all us visas and passports will eventually be included in " biological identification signs " including photos and fingerprints .
prior to the implementation of the plan , the united states has just raised the alert level of the united states to guard against the threat of terrorist attacks in december last year .
tough us - north korean talks may be postponed to mid - year
( agence france - presse , seoul , 6 th ) south korea said today that a new round of six - nation nuclear talks may be postponed to mid - year due to the tough stance of north korea and the united states .
" i hope that the talks will be held in the first half of this year at the latest , " south korean foreign minister yin yongkuan told reporters when attending a cabinet meeting in tsing wa dae .
yin yongkuan made the above remarks after washington rejected pyongyang 's latest request for a major concession in exchange for a nuclear freeze and said that the two sides still had to resolve serious differences before the nuclear talks .
yin yongkuan said that the issue of the time arrangements for the six participating countries actually ruled out the possibility of resuming the six - nation talks in january .
however , he did not provide clues to why the new round of talks might be extended to or after june .
russian deputy foreign minister roosevelt attributed this to the hard - line attitude of the united states and north korea .
he participated in the first round of six - nation talks held in beijing in august last year .
after meeting with senior chinese officials yesterday , roosevelt told interfax news agency , " the reason is still the same as in the past -- the lack of trust between the two sides , and the demands raised by the two sides are too heavy . "
after north korea again demanded that the united states promise to make concessions before the new round of six - nation talks , yin yongkuan proposed the possibility of a long - term delay in the talks .
washington accused pyongyang of setting preconditions for a new round of six - nation talks .
the united states is seeking north korea 's promise to scrap its nuclear weapons program .
north korea said it would freeze its nuclear facilities if washington lifted economic sanctions against pyongyang and resumed energy aid .
in the past , north korea also insisted on signing a non - aggression treaty with the united states .
south asia summit concludes , relations between india and pakistan thawed
( agence france - presse , islamabad , 6 th ) - the south asian summit closed today . during the summit , the two hostile nuclear powers of india and pakistan completed a breakthrough talks , and the participating countries signed a free trade agreement , which is of epoch - making significance to the south asian region .
at the closing session of the 12th south asian regional cooperation association ( saa ) summit , bangladesh 's prime minister girija said , " this summit is an important watershed in strengthening south asian regional cooperation . "
indian prime minister vajpayee and pakistani president pervez musharraf held the first meeting between the two countries since the nuclear war broke out in 2002 at the summit .
the hostility between the two major powers of the south asian regional cooperation association has hindered the development of the region , and the leaders of the participating countries are encouraged by the momentum of peace that has been brought about by the historic talks between india and pakistan .
" i think there has been a clear change in the positions of india and pakistan , and the two countries are moving toward the peace process , " pakistani military analyst mahmoud ahmadinejad told afp .
at the conclusion of the summit , pakistani prime minister jaswant singh praised the important agreement on the fight against terrorism , the easing of poverty , and the establishment of a regional free trade zone in 2006 .
he also praised the summit for " injecting new vitality into regional cooperation . "
the heads of state and foreign ministers of bangladesh , bhutan , india , malta , nepal , pakistan and sri lanka signed the south asia free trade zone agreement , the social charter , the anti - poverty program , the anti - terrorism agreement , and the " islamabad declaration " at the summit .
bush praises mars mission of nik
( agence france - presse , washington , 6 th ) - u . s . president bush today congratulated officials of the national aviation and space agency ( nasa ) on the mission of mars and praised their work to make up for the injuries of the columbia space shuttle disaster .
white house spokesman mcclellan told the media : " the president thanks the team for its hard work and wisdom , and once again affirmed the great spirit of american risks . "
bush said he shared the surprise when the robot was sent back from this red star to the first color photo around its landing site .
" when we saw this drama , the president was as excited as all american people , " mcclellan said .
although we know that this is only a glimpse of the awe - inspiring scene of mars . "
" president bush strongly supports the space expedition . at the same time , he expressed his thanks for the efforts of all the nba personnel . only by so doing can the united states continue its exploration and discovery in space and occupy a leading position . "
japanese artist dies at 90 in new york
( agence france - presse , tokyo , 7 th ) - japan 's publishers , cho sze - yee , announced that he had given up his career as a artist in the united states for nearly half a century and passed away at his own residence in new york on the 5 th at the age of 90 .
there are 10 works about the mid - spring of the village , including the book " the generation of the jiang family 's artists " , which was published in the middle of 1983 .
the book describes nakajima as the only japanese artist who could speak english before world war ii , which has been translated into eight languages .
many well - known foreign celebrities , such as the former french artist shang keduo , the comic star , and the us baseball star bedie , were all treated in the joy of spring during their visit to tokyo .
the grass - roots association said that the central village has stimulated the students to write a poem , " the artist " .
a doctor 's family , who was born in a high - level area in tokyo 's yinquan district , has become an artist in the new bridge entertainment district at the age of 16 in disregard of the opposition of his parents , the newspaper said in a statement .
after working as a famous artist in the xinqiao for many years , nakajima married a diplomat in 1940 and left behind soon .
after the war , nakajima resumed his career as a artist in the new bridge and moved to the united states in 1956 .
apart from teaching traditional japanese dance music in the united states , nakajima is also an opera adviser , including mrs. butterfly .
zhong village has a son of child , and is currently a modern art professor at the university .
vietnam airlines opens new flight route to frankfurt , germany
( agence france - presse , hanoi , 8 th ) - vietnam airlines opened its flight route to frankfurt , germany , with two weekly flights . this is the second destination in europe after paris , france , and is also part of the strategy of the rapid expansion of the route of vietnam airlines .
vietnam airlines will use boeing 737 passenger planes to take off from ho chi minh city on tuesday and thursday , and pass through hanoi and moscow to frankfurt .
a vietnamese airline spokesman said : " we have opened this route to serve a large number of vietnamese nationals residing in germany . "
at present , vietnam airlines has more than 20 international destinations , opened many new routes last year , and plans to expand further .
vietnam airlines announced earlier this week that it plans to expand its air force by 100 percent to 70 by 2010 .
despite the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome ( sars ) and the iraq war in 2003 , the capacity of vietnamese airlines still increased by 1 percent to 4.05 million people .
vietnam airlines has set this year 's passenger target of 5 million , of which foreigners account for about half ( 2.4 million ) .
children with hiv / aids to be admitted to school , the president of the church has been angry with the appeal for justice
( agence france - presse , nicosia , 7 th ) - - frankly speaking , u . s . priests , who is in the capital of kenya , who is in charge of aids ( dots ) , are not willing to face the kenyan government 's book , demanding that public schools be forced to cancel their rejection of aids virus ( hatv ) children .
although it is estimated that 2.5 million people in china are infected with hiv , hiv and aids remain a topic of ban in kenya .
the president said that many children were rejected and could not enter primary schools , and that the practice of these school authorities violated the government 's policy of comprehensive compulsory primary school education .
" refusal to allow children to study in public schools , especially those who are infected with hiv , is an inhuman , illegal , and serious violation of human rights . education is the basic right , and refusal to let these children infringe on their rights , " said the lawyer of the supreme people 's court .
a court order was made to force public schools to accept children 's admission without asking whether they were hatching the hatf - 5 .
the ministry of education of kenya , through its lawyer , said that it did not know the existence of this kind of discrimination , but it could understand the practice of the school .
he said that the ministry of education is willing to negotiate with the children 's home in the northern suburbs of nanni .
mr justice kumei urged the two parties to conduct today 's consultations and return the results tomorrow .
us to release hundreds of iraqi prisoners
( agence france - presse , baghdad ) - the iraqi interim chief executive bremer , appointed by the us government , announced in a policy speech today that the us - led occupation alliance will release 100 iraqi prisoners on the 8 th , and hundreds of people will resume their freedom in the next few weeks .
bremer , who is accompanied by the chairman of the iraqi interim governing council , also revealed a new reward plan , that is , assisting the authorities to arrest each and every other priority , and to receive a maximum of 200,000 us dollars in cash .
badawi praised the measures taken by the occupation alliance as a result of the strong lobbying efforts by the governing council .
" the governing council has been working for a long time to spread the spirit of reconciliation among the iraqi people , and in order to achieve this goal , we ask the alliance to review the issue of prisoners , " he told reporters .
a spokesman for the occupation alliance , who declined to be named , said later that a total of 506 prisoners were expected to be released in the next few weeks .
bremer told reporters in his brief speech : " the alliance will release the first batch of 100 prisoners tomorrow . "
bremer 's reconciliation stance comes at a time when the occupation alliance is trying to calm down the depression of the muslim sunni society under hussein .
hussein was arrested by us troops eight months after he fled .
bremer said , " the violent king hussein has become a class prisoner , and the overwhelming majority of his lackeys have been arrested if they were not killed , and it is now time for reconciliation . "
the conditions are that the prisoners " must abandon violence " and find a witness for the community , religious and ethnic leaders , and the sponsors are responsible for the good performance of the released prisoners .
bremer pointed out that the soon to be released did not directly involve violent attacks or other fatal attacks on the us military , nor did they involve criminal or humanitarian crimes .
bremer said that those who are about to be released " have made mistakes and awakened , " " we are prepared to give some of them a new opportunity . "
who experts go to guangzhou to investigate salem source
( agence france - presse , guangzhou , 10 th ) - the world health organization ( who ) today launched its second investigation into the recurrence of severe acute respiratory syndrome ( sars ) cases in southern china .
earlier , the who had taken an investigation into the first confirmed salad case in the mainland in six months .
an expert group of the who and the chinese health authorities raided a seafood and game restaurant in guangzhou city in an attempt to find out the root cause of a confirmed case and another suspected case .
who spokesman hua diya said in guangzhou : " this trip is based on the review of the data we collected last time . we will try to integrate the information of the segment . "
at the same time , the chinese government has called on the public to fight rats and other harmful animals that may carry the salts virus .
health officials took the above - mentioned seafood restaurants as a target of surprise inspection . this is a 24 - hour restaurant in the center of the old city of guangzhou . a 20 - year - old female service provider who worked here was formally diagnosed as a suspected case of salem on wednesday night .
who expert blackman said , " we have carefully examined the possible environmental problems in the restaurant and will conduct further investigation . "
he said : " we talked with the restaurant staff and learned about the operation of the restaurant , and then visited the place where the food was being done , and environmental experts will continue to do this work . "
brman said that it was too early to determine the root cause of the disease because experts still had to sort out the data .
us publicly supports japan 's construction of nuclear reactor
( agence france - presse , tokyo , 10 th ) - u . s . has for the first time openly supported the selection of the " international hot nuclear testing reactor " , which cost billions of dollars in japan 's qingsen county , rather than in the french town of calgary , and said that japan can provide a superior construction site .
the international nuclear testing reactor project will be built in qatar , france , or in six villages in the northern part of japan .
the project is aimed at providing a laboratory for the simulation of the solar nuclear fusion phenomenon , which is known as the most clean , safe and inexhaustible source of future energy .
however , it is generally expected that the above plan will not be able to produce electricity by 2020 .
" i am very honored to point out today that the united states strongly supports the construction of an international nuclear testing reactor in japan .
from the technical point of view , you can provide superior sites . "
" the locations of the six villages are very suitable for the large amount of materials needed for the international thermal test reaction . your famous technology and engineering skills are widely respected by the world . in addition , the local community has clearly welcomed the project and has made every effort to win the selection of the six villages . "
a spokesman for the us embassy in tokyo confirmed that this is the first time that washington has publicly expressed its support for japan 's bid to build an international nuclear reactor in japan .
an official of the japanese ministry of education , culture , sports , science and technology said , " we are greatly encouraged by the remarks made by yabohan .
we will continue to work together with other countries to enable the international nuclear testing reactor to be built in six villages . "
philippine communist party refuses to talk with arroyo and launch new guerrilla activities
( afp , manila , 10 th ) the philippine military said that the communist party of china launched a new wave of rebel attacks , including the attack on a power plant and the arson of a telecommunications tower , killing eight people .
these attacks , while the spokesman of the new philippine people 's army , the new people 's army , announced in a statement that it would no longer seek peace talks with philippine president arroyo , would wait for the replacement of the president .
" we no longer have any hope of holding peace talks with the arroyo administration , even though arroyo claimed that they are ready to hold talks , " said the spokesman of the new people 's army , rosalah , in a television interview .
the philippine government originally planned to hold preliminary consultations with the philippine communist party on the resumption of formal peace talks later this month .
the philippine communist party will ask arroyo 's rival candidate for the may presidential election to make their suggestions on the resumption of peace talks after the election , rosalar said .
rosalah said that the philippine communist party is also prepared to ask for removal from the blacklist of terrorist groups in the united states and europe as a precondition for resuming peace talks .
the 50 - year - old philippine guerrillas attacked the government troops stationed in the city 's power station and the garrison power station , three government soldiers and four new soldiers of the philippine people 's army were killed on the spot , and seven government soldiers were injured .
unemployment protests against iraqi police , british soldiers kill six civilians
( agence france - presse , baghdad , 10 th ) - six iraqi civilians were shot dead by police and british troops in a protest in southern iraq today .
at the same time , after the pentagon claims that saddam is regarded as a war criminal , he may be tried within six months .
baghdad heard three huge explosions within an hour this morning , but the us military claimed that it had not yet learned about the relevant news .
baghdad has been attacked by a series of car bombs in recent days . a recent incident occurred on december 31 last year when a large number of customers were bombed , killing eight people and injuring 24 .
at the same time , the us military also launched a large - scale offensive , called " iron - hard " , and fired at the guerrilla base in the suburbs of baghdad . from time to time , the capital can hear the rumbling of guns .
in another development , the us - led coalition forces said today that the crash of a us military " black hawk " helicopter in fallujah last week might have been caused by attacks by anti - us guerrillas .
nine people were killed in the incident .
according to the coalition forces , two iraqi police officers were killed by the us military in the city of kirkuk , where the situation was tense .
at the same time , hundreds of unemployed people launched protests in the southern city of arama , which eventually led to the police and the british army firing and driving away , killing at least six people and injuring eight .
china sends delegation to us to purchase over 2 billion us dollars worth of high - tech equipment
( agence france - presse , beijing , 12th ) - according to official media reports , a chinese purchasing delegation to the united states will sign several contracts to purchase more than us $ 2 billion worth of high - tech equipment from us manufacturers .
the beijing morning post quoted an official from the ministry of information industry as saying that these contracts will be signed in the united states tomorrow , which include motorola semiconductor manufacturing company , intel , and siko systems .
the chinese manufacturers participating in the signing of the contract are all major telecommunications and computer manufacturers , including the china telecom corporation and the legend group corporation .
this is the third chinese purchasing delegation to the united states since november last year .
china is taking action to reduce the growing trade surplus with the united states , which is part of this effort .
a us commerce department official welcomed the move as it would help the united states reduce its trade deficit with china , the beijing morning post reported .
according to figures released by the united states , the us trade deficit with china in the year before last was as high as $ 103 billion , and is expected to increase to $ 130 billion in 2003 .
syria refutes israel 's invitation for syrian president
( agence france - presse , damascus , 12 th ) - israeli president qazi today invited syrian president yasser arafat to visit jerusalem for talks on the peace agreement . syrian officials refuted the invitation and accused israeli leaders of attempting to evade the middle east peace process based on land for peace .
earlier today , qazi said on the israeli public radio , " i have invited president aliyev to jerusalem to seriously negotiate the various conditions of the peace agreement with israeli leaders . "
" azad will be welcomed , but there should be no precondition , " he added .
in an interview with cnn , syrian foreign affairs minister al - shara said that israel must make it clear that it is willing to resume negotiations since the break - up of consultations four years ago .
he pointed out that the move was not a " serious response " to the president 's call for the resumption of contacts with israel last month . he also accused president qazi of only attempting to seek the opportunity for the media to expose .
the syrian official news agency sala quoted an anonymous senior official as saying that the israeli president intends to evade the middle east peace process based on land for peace .
the official said : " this is not a visit or a matter of initiative . israel 's recent speech is aimed at avoiding the peace process . "
" some of the solutions and measures cannot bring peace to the middle east , " the official added .
during the previous negotiations with the late king of azerbaijan , the then israeli prime minister shimon peres agreed to almost completely withdraw from the golan heights and only retain a narrow corridor adjacent to the east coast of the sea of calgary .
however , damascus authorities refused to accept the proposal , hoping that israel would return all the golan heights occupied by the 1967 war and merged in 1981 .
the crack of the command system of the largest rebel group in liberia has deepened
( agence france - presse , monory , 12 th ) - " the dispute over the control of the major rebel group in liberia , which has become increasingly fierce after the expulsion of the leader of the lebanese reconciliation and democratic alliance , is still in the hands of a rebel leader .
in 1999 , the armed forces rose to resist the former president 's regime , lit the four - year civil war in liberia , and controlled about four - fifth of the land of the country .
in mid - august last year , ted agreed to be in exile in nigeria to pave the way for the west african country to reach a peace and joint rule , and the former government , rebels and opposition parties formed a transitional government .
however , a group that claims to be the " high - level military command " has sold out the position of the armed forces in the transitional government , and it has filled its private pockets , and announced a few days ago that they have already supported the wife of the left - wing wife in kangyo , who has taken the place of the leader in hong kong .
however , the current president of the transitional parliament , dewey , insisted that only the national executive committee of the armed forces has the right to dismiss the leader of the organization .
he told the media on the evening of the day before yesterday , " i founded the arm in nigeria , and i can assure the people of liberia that there is no separation , and nothing can undermine the peace process . "
dewey attributed the failure to the behind - the - scenes control of the leader of the interim government , bryan and other high - level leaders in the transitional government .
the businessman , bryan , was appointed to lead the war - torn country until the 2005 general election in october last year .
dewey accused the minister of justice , transportation and labor of colluding with the secretary of the state for justice , transport , and labor , with the support of bryan , and promised that she would step down and lead her to death .
he warned that if bryan continues to violate the peace agreement , the warring factions will return to akra , who is drafting the peace treaty , to hold a meeting to discuss whether it is possible to replace bryan .
former u . s . sniper accused the boxing promotion company of bribing him to release water
( agence france - presse , new york , 12 th ) - new york daily news reported that former u . s . boxing player ross said that u . s . professional boxing promotion company staff provided 5,000 u . s . dollars in bribe money for him to release water in the competition .
the company is under investigation by the federal bureau of investigation ( fbi ) of the united states .
the 34 - year - old ross said that in december 1995 , two representatives of the tolucci company came to his home several weeks before the match with the famous " vegetable beans " compatriot aishi .
ross told the newspaper : " not long after the afternoon , i took a rest at home , and some people beat my house . i saw two white staff members of the tolucci company from the gate . they wanted to talk to me about the competition with the beans . "
" they said , " we have brought some money to you , not small , and they hope that i will release water in the competition and ask me not to defeat the beans . "
ross told investigators that the 1995 incident was part of a 20 - month investigation into the us boxing fraud case .
ross refused to accept bribes , and in the second round of the boxing competition held at the madison garden square , he beat the never - to - be - defeated ehi .
the daily news in new york went to the residence of evans in alabama to ask whether he believed the words of ross , and that he was partial to the tolucci company . he also said : " the strength of ross is not commensurate with the strength . how do you have to have a one - win - six - in - one , and i do n't think it would be against the law . "
the federal bureau of investigation ( fbi ) went to the company headquarters in las vegas on the 6 th to conduct a temporary check and confiscate financial and medical documents and computers .
the report said that the fbi was also collecting evidence on the victory of the decided boxing tournament , including a championship in the september tournament between morris and holia .
us hopes asian countries to free themselves from fear of mad cow disease
( agence france - presse , manila , 14 th ) - u . s . agricultural officials said that although a mad cow disease broke out in the united states last month , asian countries will be safe to eat u . s . beef shortly after that .
after the discovery of the first case of mad cow disease , the united states immediately stepped up security quarantine , but japan and south korea immediately banned or restricted the import of us beef .
us officials said yesterday that the investigation of mad cow disease had been carried out , and the beef at the beginning of the mad cow disease had not been exported . in addition , in the past 10 years , the authorities concerned have stepped up quarantine to prevent the outbreak of mad cow disease .
mad cow disease is also called mad cow disease , which is related to the human brain disorder in the human brain .
" we are very optimistic that these asian countries will further reduce the scope of the current ban in the next month or so , " said the director of the asian affairs department of the us department of agriculture in manila at a press conference .
" we have assured all asian countries of the safety of us beef , " he added .
he said the japanese delegation was visiting the united states to learn about us measures to prevent mad cow disease .
south korea steps up quarantine measures to prevent bird flu from spreading
( agence france - presse , seoul , 14 th ) - south korean officials said south korea has stepped up quarantine work to curb the further spread of avian flu after nine days of safety .
south korea 's agriculture ministry said that a quarantine zone had been set up near a chicken farm in the liangshan area 390 kilometers southeast of seoul .
health ministry officials detected bird flu viruses in this region on monday .
this is the first time in nine days that south korea has confirmed the discovery of avian flu virus .
last month , bird flu broke out in 15 parts of south korea , forcing the authorities to cull nearly two million chickens and ducks , and this highly infectious poultry disease was apparently under control .
" we culled all chickens in the epidemic area and strictly restricted the movement of these poultry , " said kim chang - kong , director of the animal health group of the south korean ministry of health .
the emergence of new cases of avian flu has prompted south korean government officials to strengthen quarantine in other areas .
the bird flu virus can survive for two weeks in the dust , and can survive at least 35 days in poultry faeces , kim said .
bush to maintain free trade zone plan at summit of america
( agence france - presse , montreal , 13 th ) - u . s . president bush is ambitious to push forward the plan to establish a free trade zone of the americas next year . at the summit of the americas today , the leaders of other 33 countries managed to support the plan .
however , the united states has failed to include anti - corruption clauses in the final communique on how to fight the increasingly serious poverty problem in the western hemisphere .
the scope of the american free trade zone , from alaska and argentina to the south , claims that it will become the largest free trade zone in the world , with a total market population of about 800 million and a total production value of $ 13 trillion .
however , at the end of the two - day summit , argentine president guingona made a statement criticizing the us plan , saying that the issue of the americas could not be resolved only by establishing a free trade zone .
brazil , the largest economic country in south america , and venezuela , the main oil supplier of the united states , are opposed to putting the issue of the free trade zone of the americas on the agenda of the summit , but after intense discussions , the leaders of various countries announced that they would agree to complete the negotiations on the establishment of the free trade zone of the americas by january 2005 .
iran 's political struggle intensified , reformists threaten government 's general resignation
( agence france - presse , tehran , 13 th ) - iran 's reformists are struggling with the powerful conservatives on the issue of the loss of the right to participate in the parliamentary election . today , a number of cabinet ministers have threatened to take the post of the head of the cabinet , unless the conservatives make concessions on the issue of banning the candidates of the reformists from participating in the election .
the president , one of the vice - presidents , warned that the constitutional custody commission 's attempt to cancel several thousand candidates to run for the general election on february 20 would be a general resignation if it could not be stopped .
" if the government considers it impossible to fulfill the duty of protecting citizens ' rights and holding free elections , it will not become a choice to continue to be in power , " he said .
at least 10 ministers have been prepared to resign from the country 's 27 provinces , according to sources close to president khatami .
however , the media reports that the moderate president khatami was preparing to resign were denied by khatami 's assistant .
the angry reformists continued their third day of sit - in demonstrations in the parliament building , saying that they would not hesitate to sit - in for weeks .
83 reformists were deprived of their qualifications and could not run for a second term .
the iranian news agency said that members of the parliament have already challenged the constitutional custody committee and urged it to recover the previous ruling on the loss of election qualifications .
the constitutional custody committee consists of 12 people , is a non - elected political supervision organ , and is also a fortress for opposing the reform of religious rightwing forces .
iran 's nobel peace prize winner , ms . eberdi , who is a hard - liner , also said that she would visit the parliament to express her support for the sit - in demonstrations by the reformists .
new zealand dollar 's appreciation will not affect business confidence in new zealand
( agence france - presse , wellington , 15 th ) - according to the latest quarterly survey released by the new zealand economic research center , the business community is still very confident in new zealand despite the negative impact of the new zealand currency 's rise .
the report pointed out that enterprises that were pessimistic about the business environment in the next six months accounted for only 2 percent , and in contrast , the figures for the first two quarters were 3 percent and 20 percent respectively .
the research center pointed out that according to the various indicators of the survey report , there was a solid economic growth in the fourth quarter of last year , and the business sector 's activities increased by 31 percent .
however , according to the forward - looking indicators , it is expected that new zealand 's economic growth will " continue to decline moderately in the next few quarters . "
the rapid appreciation of the new zealand dollar in the past three months has widened the confidence gap between exporters and non - exporters , said new zealand 's economic research center economist gardener .
eleven per cent of the manufacturers and construction exporters expect a deterioration in the economy in the next six months , while 14 per cent of the non - exporters are optimistic about the business outlook for the next six months .
the new zealand currency has appreciated by 30 percent in the past two years .
the resignation of the financial director and north american person in charge of arts , technology and finance has raised concerns
( agence france - presse , zurich , 16 th ) - the world 's largest temporary employment worker , the financial director of the company , and the head of the us business , weber , has resigned after the company 's accounting problems were reported , causing the outside world to worry about another corporate scandal .
the company was originally scheduled to release the company 's annual financial statements on february 4 , but it was postponed due to the discovery of " major weak points in internal control " in the north american arts and manpower company .
weber 's post will be temporarily taken over by the accounting chief .
the chief executive officer of the yke human resources company , ai lita , has also resigned , and his post will be taken over by the chairman of the board of directors of the french company , and the french company is also the largest single national company of the group 's overseas companies .
in addition , after leaving office , former chief executive sommer will be transferred to the post of a relatively consulting chairman . now , he will take charge of the actual operation and take over the difficult company , so that the current chief executive will " concentrate on managing the daily business " .
dealers said that the company 's high - level personnel changes have once again put the company 's stock market under pressure .
at 0940 , the stock market of the company fell 3.6 percent , a slight fall from the opening , and the swiss stock market rose by 20.3 percent at the same time .
after yke announced on monday that its annual financial statements would be postponed , its stocks would be bogged down in a turbulent trend .
japan sets 10 - year budget goals
( agence france - presse , tokyo , 16 th ) - japanese finance minister sadakazu tanigaki said today that he firmly believed that the second largest economy in the world would be able to shake off a " financial crisis " and rectify the financial situation within 10 years .
sadakazu tanigaki said that the combined deficit between the central and local governments reached 5 percent of japan 's gross domestic product , and if the average annual decrease is 0.5 percent , it can be eliminated within 10 years .
he told a group of reporters : " japan 's financial situation is still in a crisis .
as far as ( finance ) flows and reserves are concerned , our situation is the worst among major industrial countries . "
japan has officially set the goal of turning " primitive deficits " into " primitive surplus " by the end of march 2014 - - the first time in more than 20 years that a multi - level fiscal balance will be achieved .
this is the first time that the government led by prime minister junichiro koizumi has given japan a clear goal of " primitive surplus . " under such circumstances , the tax revenue exceeds the expenditure of non - payment .
japan 's last surplus was the year before the end of march 1992 , putting an end to its six - year surplus .
tokyo stock exchange approves new zealand bank 's application for listing
( agence france - presse , tokyo , 16 th ) - the tokyo stock exchange said today that it has approved a new bank 's application for listing on the tokyo stock exchange , which will start trading on february 19 .
the first public offering of the new - born bank , which was taken over by the us investment fund , will provide 242 - million shares for domestic investors in japan , and another 178 - million shares for overseas investors .
the price of the first public offering will be decided on february 9 .
the new zealand bank has also prepared a possible over - subscription of 36.3 million shares in order to cope with the possibility that some of the subscription may not be completed .
the new bank , which was formerly japan 's long - term credit bank and japan 's long - term credit bank , returned to the state in 1998 after the bankruptcy of the bank , has already provided retail financial services .
the bank estimated that the net profit of the group would reach 65 billion yen ( 613 million dollars ) by the end of march 2004 , an increase of 22.6 percent over the previous year , with a growth of 76.5 percent in the current interest rate of 60 billion yen , and a decrease of 13 percent in the total revenue of 175 billion yen .
the bank also said that the total amount of bad creditor 's rights as at the end of last month was 132.3 billion yen , down from 154.2 billion yen three months ago .
earthquake kills 41,000 in ancient iranian city
( agence france - presse , tehran , 16 th ) - a spokesman for iran 's supreme religious leader hamid karzai said today that the death toll of the great earthquake that hit the ancient city of badawi on december 26 last year has reached 41,000 , and the final death toll may reach 45,000 .
the original estimated death toll is about 30,000 to 35,000 .
" at present , a total of 41,000 people have died in the earthquake disaster in the city of bahami , and the final death toll may reach 45,000 . "
the iranian news agency quoted him as saying : " this is a tragic disaster . "
at the same time , he vowed that the government would speed up the reconstruction work .
about 30,000 people were injured in the bam earthquake .
a senior official of the province said today that it would take two years to rebuild the city of bakan , and that the government has already opened up a bid for reconstruction to the iranian people and foreign companies .
more than 10,000 anti - nuclear protesters in paris
( agence france - presse , paris , 17 th ) - as many as 15,000 anti - nuclear activists marched in paris to oppose the new generation of reactor , accusing the police of allowing another anti - campus ban on the use of religious scarves to create trouble .
the main targets of these anti - nuclear demonstrations are the european hydraulic reactor ( ebrd ) , the first of which will be built in finland , which will be built by a consortium , including the french state - owned ato group and the german engineering giant siemens , with a cost of 3 billion euros ( 3.7 billion us dollars ) .
france , which is one of the most dependent countries in the world , is expected to approve the reactor in the near future to replace part of the 58 nuclear power plants that produce 80 percent of the country 's power and close to the end of service .
" in fact , the real restoration of nuclear energy is in the face of us , " said the spokesman for the group , evich nik , who hosted the demonstration .
lom criticized the police for allowing another rally , saying : " we believe that the interior ministry is looking for trouble . "
the french ministry of internal affairs is in charge of the police in various cities .
the rally was held near the same place in paris at the same time , attracting thousands of people to protest against the government 's plan to ban schools from wearing muslim scarves and other " obvious " religious symbols .
according to the organizers , the number of anti - nuclear protesters is more than 15,000 , and according to the police 's estimates , less than 6,000 people , they used the magpie to build a gold tower on the square to criticize their claim that " the radiation waste scandal left to the future generations " .
suicide bombing in baghdad killed 23 , wounded 95
( agence france - presse , baghdad , 18 th ) - according to u . s . military and iraqi hospitals , the number of people killed in the suicide car bomb attack that bombed the gate of u . s . military headquarters in baghdad this morning has increased to 23 , and the number of casualties has also increased to 95 .
" we have received three dead and 30 wounded , " said dr. zhu ma of the karamar hospital .
the latest death toll has increased by three more .
a us military spokesman said earlier that the us military hospital had reported 18 deaths and 28 injuries , of which 16 were iraqi people and two were american staff of the us defense department .
in addition , a first - aid doctor pointed out that two people were killed in the yumer hospital in baghdad .
no deaths were reported in other local hospitals , but a total of 37 people were reported to have been injured .
the spokesman confirmed that the injuries treated in the us military hospital were 22 iraqi people , four american contractors and two us soldiers .
it is not yet known whether the above death toll also includes suicide bombers .
sustained reduction of labor is bound to impact eu - japan economic production
( agence france - presse , davos , switzerland , 19 th ) - the world economic forum ( wef ) and the consulting firm , the united states , pointed out in a research report published today that due to the shrinking labor force , the european union 's output value will account for nearly half of the world 's economic output value by 2050 .
on the other hand , rich labor in developing countries such as india and china should help boost economic growth .
" the growth of labor and productivity will determine economic output , " said shmans , executive director of huiyue company .
in countries where there is a large labor shortage , the supply of commodities and labor services may not meet the demand and living standards . "
the report , entitled " a more happy life : the economic impact of an ageing society , " pointed out that with the progress of medical care and the growth of human life , the continuous rise of the retired population ( especially in developed countries ) is bound to have a direct impact on economic production .
in response to the statement issued in the research report , " the current population statistics and economic trends will remain unchanged , and by 2050 , the proportion of the european union in the global economic output value will be reduced from the current 18 percent to 10 percent . "
the statement also warned that " japan 's proportion will shrink from 8 percent to 4 percent . "
israel 's ambassador to sweden damages art , causes diplomatic row
( agence france - presse , stockholm , 18 th ) - the artistic works of the swedish national museum of history in memory of palestinian suicide bombers , which were destroyed by israeli ambassador to sweden marzar , have evolved into a comprehensive diplomatic dispute today due to israeli prime minister sharon 's intervention .
during his visit to the art exhibition of the stockholm antiquities museum last friday , ambassador marzel saw a painting showing the pictures of a suicide bomber in october last year , and was deliberately destroyed by the embassy authorities , which triggered a diplomatic conflict between israel and sweden .
israel 's request for the removal of the project has been rejected by sweden .
after the incident , swedish newspapers widely reported .
the exhibition , which is part of an international conference on ethnic massacre to be held by the swedish government , will also be attended by israel .
the video tape at the scene was taken by the israeli ambassador , who was dragged into a pool of lights and thrown into the water , resulting in the short circuit of the works , and the museum curator ordered the ambassador to leave the museum .
israeli prime minister sharon came out today to support mahmoud ahmadinejad , which turned the incident into a comprehensive diplomatic dispute .
the works of art on display were mainly a ship named " white snow " sailing on the sea , and a photo with a smile on the head of the ship was taken as a sailing boat .
hadi is a palestinian training lawyer living in israel . in retaliation for the killing of her younger brother by israelis , she launched a suicide bombing attack in the maritime law in northern israel in october last year , killing 21 israelis and triggering a wave of clashes between israel and palestine .
" i can not tolerate this art , and it is also a great harm to the families of the victims of the haifa explosion . as an israeli ambassador , i cannot be indifferent to this kind of work that confuses the facts . "
democratic party says baghdad bombing is evidence of failure in us policy toward iraq
( agence france - presse , washington , 18 th ) - u . s . democratic party candidates who sought to replace bush and enter the white house pointed out today that the latest suicide bombing attack in baghdad , which caused heavy casualties , is evidence of the failure of u . s . policy toward iraq .
at least 25 people were killed and about 30 others injured in the attack , which was the most serious attack in baghdad since the us occupation of iraq .
bush 's democratic rival sternly criticized bush 's iraq policy , and some opponents said that the attack was the latest evidence of bush 's failure in his policy toward iraq .
edwards , a senator from north carolina , told cbs : " our current policy has failed . i do n't know that the government is not willing to change its way of doing things . "
" obviously , the first thing we need to do is to internationalize the iraqi security forces , and the other thing is to hand over the transitional government to the united nations , " he said .
in a public appearance with the democratic candidate , former president carter said that the iraq war led by the united states " has proved that it is not only based on wrong intelligence and misleading statements , " and the latest attack " also continues to show that this is a tragedy . "
deane has listed opposing the iraq war as his main campaign axis .
iraqi guerrillas fight us military helicopters with high - tech weapons
( afp , washington , 18 th ) senior us military figures said that the iraqi resistance forces attacked us helicopters with increasingly sophisticated weapons .
a group of senior officials familiar with a secret military report told the new york times today that the secret military research report found that iraqi guerrillas attacked us helicopters with rocket - propelled grenades and more advanced hot - tracking surface - to - air missiles .
they said this was a study conducted before the three attacks on us military helicopters by iraq this month , but the recent three attacks would only further confirm the conclusions of the study report .
the main purpose of the military research report is to provide us military pilots with methods to evade attacks by iraqi guerrillas , and relevant officials are unwilling to discuss the new discovery .
however , judging from the method of a new wave of attacks in iraq , we cannot help but worry that the iraqi guerrillas have carefully studied the mode of us military aircraft operations .
researchers found that the iraqi guerrillas used salem - 16 shoulder - to - shoulder missiles more than once , which was particularly worrying .
it is very difficult for pilots to evade this kind of missile with precision navigation systems .
a senior us air force officer in the persian gulf region said : " every time our aircraft was shot down , it was a great victory in the enemy 's strategy .
not only is it a big news report and a verdict of defeat , the enemy believes that this is a very useful trick . "
since 25 october last year , nine us military helicopters have been shot down or crashed , and at least 49 us soldiers have been killed .
carter praised deane on the eve of the us democratic party 's iowa primary
( agence france - presse , georgia , 18 th ) - former u . s . president carter praised the candidate and former governor of the state of vermont , the " brave and frank " opposition to the iraq war , on the eve of the first confrontation between the democratic presidential candidates in iowa .
carter told reporters in his hometown , the georgia plain , " i have always been particularly grateful for the brave and frank attitude and stand taken by governor tito from the beginning . "
the nobel peace prize winner said : " in the past year and a half , i have spent a lot of time to strongly oppose this totally unnecessary and unfair iraq war .
although i have made great efforts , the war has started , and it has been proven that the war is not only based on wrong intelligence and misleading statements , but also continues to show that it is a tragedy . "
carter praised deane as a powerful " peace supporter " . although he did not formally support the statement , us television stations reported carter 's remarks .
as a former governor of the left - wing northern state , deane , facing the middle - of - the - road line in the southern states , may be in a disadvantageous position , but carter 's support may increase his chances of victory in the southern states with a conservative stance and a strong religious awareness .
in a recent television interview , carter said that he believed that deane is the most likely candidate for the democratic party to contend with bush .
democrats criticize bush for creating a new axis of evil
( afp , washington , 21st ) on the evening of the 20th , the us opposition democratic party accused president bush of leading the united states into isolation from the world and pointed out that bush 's policy has created a new " axis of evil . "
house democratic leader pelosi criticized the casualties and money expenses caused by the use of force against iraq last year in a speech by the democratic party on the national condition of the president .
as the us presidential election year ( the us presidential election is scheduled to be held on 2 november this year ) , the democratic party is particularly busy waiting for bush .
clark , one of the key players in the democratic party 's presidential nomination , claimed that bush created his " axis of evil " .
bush created the term " axis of evil " in his national condition article two years ago to describe some countries that threatened the united states .
" it is an axis that threatens our future accounting policy , our foreign policy that threatens our security , and our domestic policy that gives birth to families , " clark said .
us again calls on iranian authorities to allow free and just parliamentary elections
( agence france - presse , washington , 21 st ) - the political crisis between iran 's religious conservative forces and reformists on the issue of the qualifications of candidates for the parliamentary election has continued to spread , and the united states has once again called on iran to allow the election to be held in february to be free and fair .
" we believe that it is important for iranian leaders to allow free and just elections through the election procedures that conform to international standards , and the iranian government must respond to the needs of the people , " said state department deputy spokesman ereli .
ereli pointed out : " iran 's political situation is changing , and there are many developments every day . we are closely and carefully watching its situation . "
ereli made the above remarks when asked by reporters about the resignation of the cabinet minister and vice president of the iranian government .
according to reports , some cabinet ministers and vice presidents of iran 's president khatami 's reformists have resigned to protest against a large number of reformists who have been banned from running for the parliamentary election to be held on the 20 th of next month .
three killed in japanese plane crash in residential area
( agence france - presse , tokyo , 22 nd ) - a small plane crashed into a residential area in central japan 's yamanashi prefecture today , killing all three people on board . fortunately , a nearby residence , a kindergarten , and a hospital had a " unusual " fortune .
the plane , which was driven by a 32 - year - old youth , crashed into a small car park , said shan ben , an emergency official of the shanxue county government .
one of the killed passengers was a photographer who took pictures of a local kindergarten and a child queuing up .
the kindergarten is only 100 meters away from the crash site .
" the small plane happened to fall on the side of several families and a hospital , and the three people on board were all killed , " he said .
it is a miracle that the plane did not hit its home or hospital .
at that time , the wind was strong , the fuel was being leaked , and if the plane crashed at home or in the hospital .
that is bound to trigger a big fire . "
the plane took off from the airport in western tokyo this morning and is scheduled to return two hours later , a transport ministry official said .
the cause of the crash is yet to be confirmed .
nasa says the spirit of mars probe loses audio news
( agence france - presse , washington , 22 nd ) - u . s . national aviation and space agency officials said today that due to a serious breakdown of the u . s . " spirit " survey vehicle on mars , nasa has lost contact with it .
" we find that there is a very serious abnormal phenomenon in the probe , " said the head of the mission of the mars probe .
the space agency said yesterday that scientists could not convey daily orders to the spirit of the day because of lightning over australia .
however , experts now think it is a more serious problem that has led to a suspension of contact .
the spiritual survey vehicle arrived on mars on january 3 and started to search for any signs of life on this red star last week .
the " opportunity " of the mental two - life survey vehicle is scheduled to land at night from january 24 to 25 .
the probe cost us $ 820 million , which was originally expected to be able to operate the two solar - powered probe vehicles for about three months .
us , japan optimistic about resumption of talks with north korea
( agence france - presse , washington , 22nd ) - u . s . said today that it is " very optimistic " about the resumption of multinational talks as soon as possible to end north korea 's nuclear deadlock . however , the u . s . also said that it is only making some progress in urging pyongyang to return to the conference table .
" we think there is great hope that the six - party talks will be resumed very soon , but we have no definite date yet , " said kelly , the top us diplomatic official in charge of asia - pacific affairs .
kelly held talks with senior officials from japan and south korea to discuss the situation of north korea 's nuclear development . he said that the possibility of holding the second round of talks is still very high , and that it will eventually urge north korea to agree to dissolve its nuclear program .
kelly told reporters : " we think it is very likely that the six - party talks will continue . "
however , he said that the agreement should be broad - based , including the guarantee that pyongyang is willing to accept verification , so as to thoroughly abolish the uranium enrichment program , reprocess plutonium , and deal with the existing atomic weapons .
north korea has produced the plutonium they said to us non - official representatives , but denied having any uranium enrichment program , and refuted the us claim that pyongyang had admitted that it had a uranium enrichment program during the 2002 talks .
who confirms sixth case of bird flu death in vietnam
( agence france - presse , hanoi , 24th ) - the world health organization ( who ) confirmed today the sixth case of bird flu death in vietnam . a 13 - year - old boy in southern vietnam 's ho chi minh city has died of avian flu virus infection .
this is the first confirmed case of bird flu death in southern vietnam .
vietnamese health officials announced earlier that the sixth case of avian flu had not been cured , bringing the death toll to at least six in vietnam , and making the outside world even more concerned about the spread of the virus and human problems .
the boy was tested positive for avian flu hat1 and confirmed to be infected with the virus .
the boy died on january 22 at the second children 's hospital in ho chi minh city , the health secretary of ho chi minh city , nguyen dy nien , told afp today .
he was sent to hospital on the 19 th for respiratory symptoms .
the world health organization also claimed that it is now working together with the vietnamese authorities to pay attention to the development of the epidemic .
another vietnamese health official pointed out that a pair of sisters died on the 22 nd in a hospital in hanoi due to serious respiratory illness , and the health authorities suspected that the two were also victims of avian flu .
millions of chickens and poultry suffer from bird flu in indonesia
( agence france - presse , jakarta , 25 th ) - indonesian agriculture ministry announced today that several million chickens have been killed in the bird flu epidemic , but so far there has been no report of human infection .
the head of the animal department of the ministry of agriculture , sudakar , told the public that no one in indonesia has been infected with the deadly disease so far .
at present , there are seven countries in asia where bird flu has been reported , and six people have died in vietnam .
indonesian officials earlier said that bird flu , which was commonly infected in poultry in java and bali last november , was a new city disease .
this morning , ministry of agriculture spokesman joseph prueher also said that there is no indication of a bird flu outbreak in indonesia .
in the evening , he told afp that it was not clear whether this wave of epidemic would trigger a hatch of the 5nik virus .
most of vietnam 's bird flu deaths were caused by the hatchet virus .
the spokesman said that the new city had caused 4.7 million deaths in poultry since november last year as a result of influenza a .
about 60 percent of them died of illness in the new city .
he said that no immediate culling had been ordered .
the indonesian state - run news agency quoted sudakar as saying that the authorities have used british and australian blood to test and confirm the types of the virus , but the test results may only be released on wednesday and thursday , and the government will submit a report to the relevant international organizations .
snow covers western europe , causes traffic and transport chaos
( agence france - presse , paris , 29 th ) - the snow - covered western europe and northern europe has caused great traffic and railway chaos and forced hundreds of flights from britain , germany and denmark to cancel .
in london , a spokesman for the airport said more than 200 flights were cancelled last night , and 80 flights were suspended early this morning .
the other two airports near london , which are affected by snow , have cancelled 18 flights due to weather conditions .
in germany , the winter weather led to the cancellation of at least 60 flights to frankfurt international airport , the biggest airport in germany .
air traffic may be affected by weather conditions for the rest of the day , the transport authorities said .
in france , the road traffic restrictions in paris have been lifted after a snowfall last night , but similar measures have been implemented in other parts of france .
it is reported that the services of the main paris airport are close to normal , and the flights of the de gaulle airport were delayed yesterday due to snow and fog .
however , the paris airport authorities suggested that passengers travelling in the air should first find out whether their flights would take off and land on time before they leave .
with the exception of the central coast , most parts of france are covered by snow .
taiwan and japan are both democratic countries , and they have the obligation and responsibility to work together to consolidate democracy in asia .
in order to propagate the value of democracy , the chinese government will set up a " taiwan democratic foundation " in the near future , and international political party cooperation is one of the key tasks .
the democratic progressive party hopes to join hands with the democratic parties of various countries to share the experience of democratic development with other countries , make contributions to peace , stability , and prosperity in asia , and realize the ideal of the " asian democratic alliance " at an early date .
today , when the international situation is changing in a fast - changing manner , the influence of the regional forces will affect the overall situation , and the security of all countries will be tested .
as far as the asia - pacific region is concerned , since the united states launched a war against iraq last month , north korea , which supported nuclear weapons , has test - fired missiles on many occasions , flying over japan 's airspace , and china has long actively expanded its armament and deployed ballistic missiles against taiwan .
all this has constituted a serious threat to the security of taiwan , japan , and the asia - pacific region .
these issues related to democratic consolidation and security protection can only be discussed and resolved through formal security mechanisms .
today 's meeting is the first formal dialogue on security issues between the democratic progressive party , the ruling party in taiwan , and members of the liberal democratic party and other political parties in japan . it goes without saying that the importance of the meeting is self - evident .
i also hope that in addition to the bilateral dialogue between taiwan and japan , the united states , japan , the rok , and other neighboring countries in the asia - pacific region will cooperate to promote the establishment of a " security dialogue mechanism " and support taiwan 's participation in regional multi - border dialogue organizations in order to implement the spirit of " cooperation security . "
today is an important moment that encourages us to continue to advance along the road of reform , and we have given the greatest affirmation to all comrades within the party who can embody the will of our party and work together to achieve the goal of reform .
" the withdrawal of political parties from the radio , film , and television media " is the most basic requirement for implementing the media reform , and is also the idea that the democratic progressive party has always adhered to , and the ruling party will only speed up the pace of reform , not obstruct or burden .
we also know that to promote this goal , it is a small step in the reform of the media and a key step for the party 's public servants to take the lead in withdrawing from the media .
in the past , in the era of media monopoly , many comrades in the party , in order to strive for open public opinion space , have successively put in a lot of arduous tasks , such as setting up the fourth station and local radio stations , in the hope that through this method , they will break through the existing restrictions and increase the energy to promote the transformation of the media environment .
for example , comrade cai tongrong put in a lot of painstaking efforts to promote the birth of the fourth wireless television station , and finally had the birth of " popular support . "
this move has a considerable impact on the entire media environment , especially on breaking the long - term monopoly of the three stations , and creating more space for cable television stations to carry out their work .
however , we must understand that due to the limitations of the historical environment , there are many things that cannot be done in the course of promoting reform . therefore , today , when the space of the media is completely open and free , the task of the current stage has been accomplished , and it is certain that we will have to make some sacrifices in order to make the process of reform continue .
the central standing committee announced that all party and government comrades will withdraw from the operation of the radio , film , and television media before september 5 , and set an example in fulfilling their commitments to the people .
we are very pleased to see that all comrades who have made many contributions to the democratic movement , including cai tongrong , chang chun - hong , zhou qingyu , hou shuisheng , gao mengding , huang nai - badge , and shen minggong , have given up the party 's ideals and objectives , so as to promote the reform of the media .
ruling the country is not a right to enjoy power , but an increase in responsibility .
in the course of ruling the country , the democratic progressive party will be able to meet with setbacks and ups and downs , and we will always be able to meet the challenge of making progress . we will be able to lead taiwan to build a project of building democracy and deepening . at the same time , we will be able to link up with the universal value of global democracy , peace , and prosperity .
this is because we have always believed that the people are the masters of this country , and the responsibility of the democratic progressive party is to upgrade the party spirit of " being honest , diligent , and loving the native land " to the bright future of " reform , progress , and good life " and lay a foundation for the long - term peace and stability of the 23 million taiwan people .
for a long time , the democratic progressive party has played a role of " separating the government from the government " in its efforts to expand taiwan 's diplomacy , and has made brilliant achievements .
although the chinese communists have continued to suppress them , we have never retreated because our destiny is in our own hands , and even if we do not have rich resources , the democratic progressive party has continued to step by step to expand the space for taiwan 's international participation .
" diversified diplomacy " is the main axis of the democratic progressive party 's overall foreign policy . in the past year , we have taken the " asian free and democratic alliance " as a platform to exchange experience and exchange political parties with countries in the region on the issues of economic challenges in east asia , democratic reform of political parties , the elimination of gold politics , the solution of globalization and poverty , political propaganda and communication , and the participation of young people in political affairs .
in march next year , i will formally take over the post of chairman of the " asian free and democratic alliance , " hoping to create more opportunities for taiwan to contribute to the international community as a leader of international organizations .
in addition , after becoming an official member of the " international free alliance " last year , the democratic progressive party also actively participated in relevant affairs .
in addition to sending personnel to serve as human rights commissioner at the secretariat of the london headquarters , it will also cooperate with other member parties to hold political reform - related seminars in central and south america , europe , and other places .
on september 28 , our party celebrated its 17 th birthday .
the 17 - year - old democratic progressive party has always adhered to the ideal of democracy and is full of strength for reform and progress .
this is because we have always stood on the side of democratic reform , so we are able to win the trust of the taiwan people , and it is precisely because of this that the responsibility and mission we are shouldering in the future are even more serious and important .
three years ago , when we took over the burden of being in power , the ruling party in the past had gone through six rounds of constitutional amendments in the 1990 s .
from the handling of a full - scale parliamentary election in 1991 , the handling of the presidential election in 1994 , the freeze of the provincial government organizations in 1997 , and the establishment of the national assembly in 2000 , this series of twists and turns in the process of revising the constitution are in fact the track of the taiwan people 's strengthening of sovereignty and the legitimacy of democracy .
if we regard the direct election of the president in 1996 as the most important symbol of taiwan becoming a sovereign and independent democratic country , then by 2006 , this " complete " country will be 10 years old .
after 10 years of practice , we must think about what we will pursue as a democratic country with independent sovereignty .
i must say that in the next stage , we should further pursue the deepening of democracy and a more efficient constitutional system in order to lead the taiwan people to accept the severe challenges of the new century .
asia is the largest continent in the world , with an area of nearly 30 percent of the world 's land . at present , its population accounts for about 60 percent of the world 's total population , and its total economic volume accounts for one - fourth of the world 's total , and it should and can make outstanding contributions to world peace and development .
asia has a long - standing splendid culture , and the yellow river and the chang jiang valley , the indian river and the henghe river valley , the youdi river , and the chulls river are famous human civilizations .
in the long historical process , the asian people have written a brilliant chapter in the development of human civilization .
in modern times , asia has experienced many vicissitudes of life and has suffered repeated hardships , and the people of all countries have made unremitting efforts and made tremendous achievements to strive for liberation and development .
however , there is still a long way to go in order to achieve a new rise and rejuvenation in asia .
strengthening cooperation , promoting development , and realizing peace is the only way for the rise and rejuvenation of asia , and is also where the fundamental interests of the asian people lie .
under the new situation in the new century , asia 's development is facing new opportunities .
peace and development are still the main themes of the times , and the overall peaceful international environment has provided favorable external conditions for asia 's development .
the in - depth development of economic globalization , the rapid development of the world 's scientific and technological revolution , and the optimization and reorganization of international production factors and the acceleration of industrial transfer are conducive to asian countries ' use of international capital , introduction of advanced technology , opening up the international market , and promoting their own economic development .
asia is rich in resources and has a vast market , and is the region with the greatest economic vitality in the world today , and there is great potential for development .
a large population and an underdeveloped country are two major national conditions in china .
china has a population of 1.3 - billion , no matter how small the problem is , so long as we take advantage of 1.3 - billion , it will become a very big problem , and no matter how much financial and material resources are , it will become a very low per capita level .
this is something that the chinese leaders must firmly remember at any time .
to solve the problem of 1.3 billion people , we cannot rely on others but on ourselves .
since the founding of the people 's republic of china , great achievements have been made in our construction , and at the same time , we have also taken some detours and lost some opportunities .
since the beginning of reform and opening up in 1978 , we have finally found a correct way to develop ourselves .
this is : the chinese people independently and independently build socialism with chinese characteristics .
the essence of this road is to mobilize all positive factors , emancipate and develop productive forces , and respect and safeguard the freedom of the chinese people in pursuing happiness .
china 's reform and opening up , from rural areas to cities and from the economic field to the political , cultural , and social fields .
in the final analysis , every step of its deepening is aimed at giving free rein to the vitality of all labor , knowledge , technology , management , and capital , and allowing all the sources of creating social wealth to flow in full .
in recent years , profound changes have taken place in the world , science and technology have been changing with each passing day , the level of the world 's productive forces has been constantly raised , and the world market has become even closer , thus creating a historical opportunity for the development of various countries .
however , it is worth noting that power politics , regional conflicts , terrorism , infectious diseases , and environmental deterioration are still threatening world stability and development .
the negative impact of economic globalization has increased the risk and price of economic and social development in developing countries , and some developing countries are even facing the danger of being marginalized .
at present , although the world economy is gradually recovering , there are still many uncertainties .
the doha round of multilateral trade negotiations has suffered setbacks , and the complicated factors such as trade protectionism have increased the difficulties of developing countries .
what is gratifying is that the vast number of developing countries have made active efforts to forge ahead , have been keen on reform , and have made great efforts to make the country prosperous , and have achieved eye - catching results .
on the international stage , the developing countries , on the basis of the non-aligned movement and the 77 - nation group , have strengthened unity and cooperation , made important contributions to safeguarding their own legitimate rights and interests and changing the irrational international political and economic order , and become an important force for promoting the democratization of international relations .
at the same time , exchanges and cooperation between developing countries have also achieved fruitful results , and economic exchanges between them have become even more frequent .
the south - south cooperation has been constantly enriched , perfected , and updated from the antara mountain to the bank of the mekong river , from the ma - bu alliance to the establishment of the african union , from content to form , and from mechanism to means .
the past year has also been a year in which sino - canadian friendly and cooperative relations have continued to develop in an all - round way .
trade between the two countries has maintained a momentum of growth , and the total volume of trade is close to $ 10 billion .
high - level contacts have been frequent , and a number of important political figures , including the canadian foreign minister , the defense minister , the environment minister , and the minister of international cooperation , have visited china one after another , and the chinese supreme court president , the minister of commerce , and other senior officials have also visited canada . more importantly , the prime ministers of the two countries have successfully exchanged visits .
premier wen jiabao 's recent visit to canada has the significance of inheriting the past and forging ahead into the future , and has injected new vitality into the further development of sino - canadian relations , thus laying a solid foundation for the continuous development of friendly cooperation between the two countries in various fields .
china and canada will continue to strengthen cooperation in the political , economic , cultural , educational , and scientific and technological fields , and strive to achieve the goal of doubling the total volume of bilateral trade in 2010 .
overseas chinese and friends ,
although you live overseas , you have always been your hometown , and are concerned about the construction and development of the motherland . at every crucial moment , you are always concerned about the worries of the people of the motherland , the happiness of the people of the motherland , and the pulse of the motherland .
last year , after the outbreak of sars and floods in some areas of china , you have expressed deep concern and good wishes to the people of the motherland through the internet , letters , telephone , and donations . the chinese people of all walks of life have also held a series of large - scale donation and charity performances , and after the successful flight of the " shenzhou - 5 " manned space flight , your congratulatory messages , congratulatory messages , and greeting cards have come one after another , and everyone is proud of china 's achievements in space science and technology .
during premier wen jiabao 's visit to canada , hundreds of overseas chinese and chinese students studying in canada , fearing no storms and cold weather , went to the airport and capitol hill to welcome premier wen 's visit , and there were many scenes of deep feeling .
i would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt thanks to all of you , and i believe that you will continue to make new and greater contributions to china 's prosperity and prosperity and the development of sino - canadian relations in the new year , and to china 's complete reunification and all - round rejuvenation .
first , strengthen political mutual trust and deepen strategic cooperation .
as permanent members of the un security council , both china and france are influential countries in international affairs .
both countries agree to promote world multipolarization , advocate safeguarding the authority of the united nations , and are willing to promote the establishment of a new international political and economic order that conforms to the wishes of the people of all countries .
our two countries have broad consensus and common interests in dealing with all kinds of challenges facing mankind and properly handling major international affairs .
we are willing to strengthen dialogue and consultations with france on major issues , such as opposing terrorism , preventing proliferation , cracking down on transnational crimes , promoting common development , and strengthening the role of the united nations , and to work hard to safeguard world peace and promote common development .
second , it is necessary to strengthen economic and trade cooperation and achieve mutual benefit and mutual complementarity .
china is the largest developing country in the world , and is making all - out efforts to carry out modernization and has a vast market .
france is a developed country , and its economic and scientific and technological level is in the forefront of the world , and it has advanced technology in many fields .
the economies of our two countries are highly complementary , and there is great potential for economic and trade cooperation .
since the founding of new china , the chinese government has always attached great importance to developing relations with africa and formulated a series of principles and policies .
we have always adhered to the five principles of peaceful coexistence , respected the independent choice of political systems and development paths by african countries , provided assistance to african countries within our capacity , carried out economic and technological cooperation , supported the unity and cooperation of african countries , united and self-strengthening , promoted the international community 's attention to peace and development in africa , supported african countries in participating in international affairs on an equal footing , strengthened consultations and cooperation between china and africa , and jointly safeguarded the rights and interests of developing countries .
sino - african friendship goes back to ancient times and deeply rooted in the hearts of the people .
since the founding of new china , we have always firmly supported the cause of national liberation in africa and sincerely helped african countries develop their national economies .
chinese experts , doctors , teachers , and workers sent to africa work side by side with the local people , live in friendship , and have a good relationship with each other .
in international affairs , china and african countries understand and support each other and have become mutually trusted partners .
the chinese people will never forget that at the 26 th un general assembly in 1971 , china smoothly restored its legitimate seat in the united nations with the strong support of the vast number of developing countries , including african countries .
in recent years , the political mutual trust between the chinese and african personnel at all levels and in all fields has been constantly deepened , economic and trade cooperation has been fruitful , and friendly exchanges in the fields of culture , education , health , science and technology , and sports have been developing vigorously . the china - africa cooperation forum , which was established at the beginning of the century , has created a new platform for the development of sino - african relations and the deepening of cooperation .
china and africa have decided to establish a new - type partnership of long - term stability , equality , and mutual benefit , and sino - african friendly cooperation has entered a new stage of comprehensive development .
seven years after nixon 's visit to china and the issuance of the sino - us shanghai communique , the carter administration accepted china 's stand on the taiwan issue and realized the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and the united states .
this incident and deng xiaoping 's successful visit to the united states have opened a new chapter in sino - us relations .
in the early days of reagan 's administration , china and the united states had a fierce confrontation on the taiwan issue .
after arduous negotiations , the two governments issued the famous " 17 august " communique in 1982 and reached an agreement on the gradual settlement of the issue of arms sales to taiwan .
the shanghai communique , the sino - us communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations , and the " 17 august " communique jointly constitute the political cornerstone of sino - us relations .
in the 10 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations , although the two countries have waged struggles on the taiwan issue and other issues , sino - us relations have been stable on the whole , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have increased day by day .
in the 1980 s and early 1990 's , the drastic changes in eastern europe , the breakup of the soviet union , and the end of the cold war , the most profound changes have taken place in the international situation since world war ii .
the united states has taken the lead in imposing sanctions on china , announced the sale of 150 - 16 fighter planes to taiwan , linked the human rights issue with the most favored nation treatment , and allowed lee teng - hui to visit the united states , with the result that sino - us relations have fallen to a low ebb .
with the rapid development of china 's economy , china 's international status has been constantly enhanced .
more and more people in the united states have realized that the improvement and development of sino - us relations conforms to the interests of both the united states and china .
half a year ago , in this hall , we successfully launched the six - party talks and established the direction of peaceful settlement of the nuclear issue .
over the past six months , the various parties have conducted endless dialogue and consultations , made a great deal of and in - depth preparations for the holding of a new round of talks , and , through this process , enhanced their understanding of each other 's stand .
at present , all parties are looking forward to the second round of talks to discuss substantive issues and achieve concrete results , and all agree to resolve their concerns through coordinated and consistent steps , and hope that the peace process opened up by the six - party talks will be maintained .
these have constituted an important foundation for our talks today .
the important significance of the second round of talks is to start discussions on substantive issues , which marks a new step forward in the peace talks .
the current round of talks will focus on how to establish a specific goal for resolving the nuclear issue , explore the first - stage measures for resolving the nuclear issue , and study the way to continue the talks .
along with the deepening of the talks , we will deal with more difficulties and meet more challenges , but this is precisely the duty entrusted by history and the expectation placed on us by the international community .
our six - party gathering here represents the strong political desire of the governments and peoples of the six countries to seek peace .
our talks were aimed at expanding consensus rather than highlighting differences , and at solving problems rather than intensifying contradictions .
the chinese side believes that all sides can realize the peace mission on their shoulders , respect each other , show flexibility , and narrow the gap with a constructive attitude and in the spirit of cooperation and understanding .
after more than three days of consultations , the second round of six - party talks in beijing completed the scheduled agenda .
i would like to thank the governments of various countries , their heads and representatives , and their staff for their contributions to this end .
if we say that the first round of talks has set the great goal of achieving a nuclear - free peninsula , then the significance of this round of talks is to conduct substantive dialogue and make a new step toward the realization of the great goal .
during the talks , all parties held in - depth and constructive discussions , and put forward valuable ideas and made positive policy statements with wisdom and rational exploration of methods and steps to resolve problems .
the talks have achieved a series of useful results , especially the consensus reached on the next round of talks and the establishment of a working group , which is of great significance to the promotion of the peace talks .
dear colleagues , peace and development are the themes of our great era .
the people of the six countries represented here need peace , peace , and peace , and the people of all countries in the world need peace , peace , and peace .
over the past three days , the international community has paid close attention to beijing , the diaoyutai , and placed high hopes on this round of talks .
some people may think that the results of the talks are not enough , and the process is not yet fast enough .
my view is that the current round of talks was launched at a time when the parties concerned lack mutual trust and the gap between their positions is widening .
the chinese government 's stand on the taiwan issue is consistent , that is , adhering to the basic principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems . "
to this end , we have done all we can to show our greatest sincerity and done a lot of work .
however , our efforts have been challenged by the taiwan authorities and the " taiwan independence " forces .
we respect the democratic demands of the taiwan people , but we oppose the taiwan authorities and the " taiwan independence " forces engaging in " taiwan independence " activities in the name of democracy and splitting taiwan from the motherland .
the reason why we have clearly demonstrated our determination and will to safeguard the motherland 's reunification is to safeguard peace and stability in the taiwan strait region .
we have indicated that as long as there is a line of hope , we will do our best to realize the reunification of the motherland by peaceful means .
we appreciate that president bush once again reiterated his adherence to the one - china stand and sent a clear signal to the " taiwan independence " forces .
the leader of the taiwan authorities claimed that " in order to prevent china 's armed invasion of taiwan , it is necessary to unilaterally change the status quo between the two sides of the strait , and to promote a peaceful referendum of 320 . "
this is a slander against the mainland 's efforts for peace and a provocation against cross - strait relations .
at present , the actual threat to taiwan 's security is not from the mainland , but from the " taiwan independence " separatist activities carried out by the taiwan authorities in a big way .
" taiwan independence " separatist forces are the direct cause of undermining the status quo of cross - strait relations and endangering peace in the taiwan strait .
the taiwan authorities distorted the mainland 's opposition to " taiwan independence " separatism and the maintenance of stability in the taiwan strait as an excuse for suppressing taiwan 's democracy and freedom , and used this as an excuse for launching a referendum .
this is sheer fabrication and distortion of right and wrong , and is aimed at deceiving people with sympathy and support for their continued pursuit of the splittist line .
the leader of the taiwan authorities claimed that the so - called " defense referendum " and " peaceful referendum " will be held , but no matter how they are packaged , such provocative acts will only provoke cross - strait antagonism and hostility , aggravate cross - strait tension , and push cross - strait relations to the brink of danger step by step .
this completely runs counter to the mainstream public opinion of the taiwan compatriots in seeking peace , stability , and development , and is not the deepening of taiwan 's " democracy , " but is misleading and controlling the taiwan people , and is also a serious threat to peace and stability in the asia - pacific region , and is bound to be opposed by the compatriots on both sides of the strait and the international community .
taking a general look at the historical process of the development of the chinese nation , reunification has always been the mainstream , the trend of the times , and the desire of the people .
with the growing strength of the motherland , the continuous strengthening of cross - strait cooperation , and the general recognition of one china by the international community , the pattern of one china has been further consolidated , and any separatist attempt is doomed to failure .
another two weeks or so is the lunar new year , which is one of the most important traditional festivals for the chinese people .
on this exciting and happy day , we are accustomed to meeting with our relatives and friends and exchanging gifts to express our feelings .
in the spirit of " linking people and delivering business , " hongkong post is working with china post to launch this " china - hong kong gift fulfilment service " to send their greetings and best wishes to their relatives and friends in the mainland or in hong kong during the spring festival .
hongkong post has been working closely with other postal administrations to provide international courierpost services .
as early as december 2002 , australia post and australia post launched a wine logistics service to provide quality products to hong kong people .
this time , we have been working with china post to extend the close co - operation between the two sides in postal , postal remittance , and express delivery services to cross - boundary logistics services , and to launch the " china - hong kong gift fulfilment service " in response to the increasing market demand of hong kong residents to give gifts to their relatives and friends or customers in the mainland .
the first batch of gift sets was packed with a variety of exquisite lunar new year gift sets , including festive candies , tea leaves and dried seafood .
it is a generous gift to friends and relatives in the mainland , as well as business partners .
over the past 30 years , the consumer council 's contribution to the protection of consumer interests is obvious to all .
to assess the effectiveness of the consumer council , it is best not to see if there is any substantive improvement in consumer interests .
i agree with president chen just now that after 30 years , not only consumers have a clear understanding of their own interests , but also all sectors of the community have attached importance to the rights and interests of consumers , which is the result of the efforts of the consumer council and the government .
the consumer council regularly conducts testing of products , conducts market surveys and studies on different products and services , and releases fair and objective market information to the public through the " choice " monthly .
the " choice " monthly is deeply trusted by the public , and the development of the internet version of the " choice " monthly will give more effective play to its functions and help consumers obtain market information in a more convenient way .
the consumer council has 11 district consumer advisory centres and 16 telephone hotlines to provide information on goods and services to consumers and to receive complaints from consumers .
since its establishment , the number of enquiries received by the consumer council has increased from several thousand in the 1970 s to 146,000 last year , an increase of more than 20 times , indicating that more and more consumers will make reference to the consumer council 's report and advice before selecting products and services .
in addition , the consumer council has handled more than 26,000 complaints this year .
the consumer council will also name individual shops with unscrupulous practices , which will not only help consumers to beware of deception , but also serve as a deterrent to operators .
when the hon yeung , i said to you that i was very careful to watch television , and later i also made a lot of reflection , and i saw that the people of hong kong had aspirations and complaints and were dissatisfied with the administration of the government .
in this regard , the government and i have worked hard to improve the situation in the past six to seven months . we have seen that the demands of the people are to do a good job in the economy and the people 's livelihood . we have also made a lot of efforts in this regard . we also know that there are many opinions on article 23 of the basic law , and we have withdrawn article 23 . in fact , the government has made an immediate response .
i have a clear understanding of the demand for democracy in the community .
however , the hon yeung , i would like to tell you that what i am doing today is to ensure that every thing can be done smoothly after the start of the constitutional review , so we must first resolve some basic issues , which are two different things .
what is the basic question ?
some are issues of principle , some are legal issues , and the relevant regulations concerning the review of the political system of the " basic law , " and how to understand them , we must first do a good job in this regard .
we are doing this and a three - member team has started to do this .
it will consult the central authorities and listen to your views in hong kong , and i think this is a very good step and a decision we have made to attach importance to the views of the hong kong community .
in today 's competitive business environment , brand names play a key role in the success of products .
to create a brand name , we must not be able to achieve it overnight . we must have creative design , fine quality , rich packaging , effective marketing , and sustained investment .
hong kong has the conditions to create brand names .
we have relevant knowledge , skills , and experience , and we have a vast market in terms of design , manufacturing , marketing , and management .
in addition to the zero tariff preferential treatment for the entry into the mainland market , the greatest benefit of the newly implemented cesp will be to encourage businessmen to use their brains to improve the added value of their products , so that their products will become brand names that hong kong , the mainland , and even the world consumers love .
the " ten major brand - name elections in hong kong " of the chinese manufacturers ' association is exactly the same as the development of the products in hong kong in the direction of high value - added .
over the past five years , this election has given birth to 51 " hong kong 's 10 major brands . "
however , in the face of the huge market in the mainland , 51 brand names are really not worth anything . we need hundreds of thousands of , thousands of , and more " hong kong brand names . "
over the years , the hong kong mtr corporation has actively participated in the mass transit railway ( mtr ) projects in major cities in the mainland , bringing their rich experience in hong kong to the mainland market through service .
i am very pleased to see that the quality of hong kong 's investment , professional services , and managerial personnel has been affirmed by the mainland market .
such exchanges between hong kong and shenzhen will not only help the development of the motherland , but also create more development opportunities for hong kong businessmen , and will also provide more employment opportunities for hong kong .
i would like to express my gratitude to the central government and the shenzhen special economic zone government for their policy support in achieving the agreement in principle .
this is the first time that the mtr corporation has come out of hong kong to participate in the development of the mainland 's subway in the form of investment , and to further bring hong kong 's brand into the mainland .
i wish that the shenzhen no . 4 rail link will be formally approved by the central government at an early date and that the project will be carried out smoothly , thus laying a stronger foundation for further exchanges and co - operation between the two places in the future .
today is the fifth day of the lunar new year , and i am delighted to be invited by the gold and silver industry trade fair to attend your spring festival greetings and to officiate at the opening ceremony of the gold market in the new year .
first of all , i would like to wish you a happy new year , the spirit of the year of the monkey , the spirit of the year of the horse , the arrival of the year of the horse , and the prosperity of the financial sector .
the sharp rise in gold prices in the past year has recently broken through the barrier of $ 400 per ounce , reflecting investors ' confidence in gold recovery .
i believe that the business of the industry has been very busy in the past year .
as a matter of fact , apart from being affected by external factors , it also reflects the achievements of the trade in the gold and silver industry in the past 90 - odd years .
these efforts have not only laid a good foundation for hong kong 's gold market , but also contributed significantly to the consolidation of hong kong 's position as an international financial centre .
the so - called " one - year plan " lies in spring , and i hope that all sectors of the gold and silver industry will continue to work hard in the coming year , grasp the " golden " time of the gold and silver industry , and grasp the reform of the gold market in the mainland , the demand for gold trade brought about by china 's accession to the wto , and even the development of the e - commerce , and continue to promote the development of the market .
i believe that with the active efforts of the industry , hong kong 's gold market will surely shine in the coming year .
finally , i wish the year of the monkey a thriving trading , a thriving business and a prosperous business .
thank you .
however , the challenges of the past are not only limited to subsidised public housing , but also a great challenge to private housing .
the outbreak of the financial turmoil in 1997 and the collapse of the asset bubble , which led to the massive release of 70 per cent of the property prices , have dealt a serious blow to property owners , and have also been the main cause of the worsening deflation in the past five years .
now that the economy has turned for the better , we are determined to maintain a stable environment to ensure the sustained and steady development of the property market .
a healthy property market is of vital importance to hong kong 's continued economic recovery .
we are also committed to protecting and improving the living environment .
our future work will be based on the principle of sustainable development by adopting better urban design to enhance the protection of hong kong 's natural features and heritage and to improve the living environment .
we will pay more attention to the overall environmental issues .
the lesson of the sars outbreak in hong kong last year reminded us to focus on creating a more spacious , clean , and healthy living environment .
we have stepped up our efforts to beautify the environment , plant more trees , build more parks and recreational facilities to facilitate the enjoyment of the public .
i would like to thank members for expressing their views on the part of the chief executive in his policy address on the administration of justice and law , the political system , the civil service and the staff of subvented organizations and security .
on the areas of judicial and legal services , the hon margaret ng and the hon tsang yok - sing are the chairmen and vice - chairmen of the legislative council panel on justice and legal services .
the chief executive has put forward a number of measures in his policy address to promote the administration of the people , including strengthening the ties between principal officials and the community , conducting more public policy research , strengthening the cooperation between the government and the legislative council , and seriously and seriously carrying out constitutional review .
the department of justice will fully participate in the above - mentioned work to ensure that all government measures are in line with the law and procedures , especially the basic law , including the basic rights and freedoms of the citizens , and at the same time , as the hon margaret ng has said , to safeguard the rule of law and judicial independence in hong kong .
as a principal official , i will try my best to understand the views of the community and the legal profession on issues affecting judicial affairs and the legal profession .
for example , the " mainland and hong kong closer economic partnership arrangement " is the result of close cooperation between the government and the industry , including the bar association , the law society , and the china society of public witnesses .
we have successfully incorporated " legal services " into cepa and become one of the open service industries in the mainland . this has provided a new platform for strengthening cooperation in legal services between the two places , and has brought macro and long - term benefits to the legal services of the two places .
the task force is two - way , and we will reflect to the central authorities the work of listening to public opinion in hong kong .
since mid - january this year , we have received more than 10 organisations and individuals .
everyone fully accepts that hong kong 's constitutional development needs to conform to " one country , two systems , " and that the hong kong special administrative region is directly under the jurisdiction of the central government .
most of them believe that hong kong 's political system needs to be improved , but at the same time , they also accept that any development must be in line with the basic law .
groups and individuals also have their views on individual procedures and legal issues .
the task force will fully transfer their views , views and submissions to the central authorities .
in the coming month or so , the task force will continue to meet with other organisations and individuals , and we will relay the views received to the central authorities .
this is the first meeting between the task force and the relevant departments of the central authorities , and we need to continue to follow up and communicate with the central authorities in the future .
i believe that all of you understand that constitutional development concerns the relationship between the central authorities and the hksar , and that the central authorities have the constitutional responsibility to examine the constitutional development of the hksar , and we need to have full discussions with the central authorities .
the wkcd is a large - scale arts and cultural project that has never been carried out in hong kong , which is not only a project for the provision of arts , culture and entertainment space , but also a project to improve the quality of the public and the city .
the construction of the west kowloon cultural district ( wkcd ) belongs to the entire hong kong community .
the government must continue to conduct in - depth discussions with various sectors of the community and pool their wisdom .
we understand that we cannot only pursue the beauty of buildings , but also enable them to achieve economic benefits , sustainable development and improve the quality of life of the community .
therefore , the government attaches great importance to the software support of the west kowloon cultural district , and it must have relevant measures , including the management policy of the facilities , the promotion strategy of the arts and cultural programs , the contents of the exhibition , and the publicity strategy .
in formulating these related strategies , it is necessary to listen carefully to the opinions of " users . "
the younger generation , including every young friend you are sitting on , is one of the most important users of the wkcd in the future .
we hope that the region will be able to enjoy the benefit of the elderly , the young and the people of hong kong , as well as tourists from outside hong kong , and the mature and vibrant young people .
i understand that you have discussed the various aspects of the west kowloon cultural district this morning , and some of your students have spent more than a month in producing special reports , and i am sure you are very familiar with the details of the project .
i have no time to listen to the outcome of your discussion and to exchange views with you .
since the september 11 terrorist attacks , the world has focused its attention on port , airport , and border security .
as the world 's largest port with the largest number of containers to the united states , hong kong undoubtedly responded quickly to the " port security initiative " put forward by the united states .
we believe that cutting off the lifeline of terrorist organisations is also an effective means to curb terrorist activities .
the huge amount of funds flowing into hong kong through the global financial system every day has made the law enforcement agencies dealing with the proceeds of crime and money laundering very angry .
as a major financial centre in asia , we believe that cutting off the capital of terrorists may be the most effective way to fundamentally crack down on its structure .
at present , the legislative authorities in hong kong are discussing various improvement proposals to tighten the existing legislation against terrorist financing and to actively coordinate with international standards and situations , such as the new recommendations of the financial action task force on money laundering .
in addition , we are seeking to introduce more comprehensive disclosure legislation to facilitate the reporting of suspicious transactions by the relevant organisations and individuals .
" balance " is also the key to this work : effective investigation power , freedom guaranteed by the constitution , personal privacy , and efficiency of the economic and financial systems are all factors that must be considered .
our control measures are based on the rule of law , transparency , fairness and efficiency .
in fact , hong kong 's services sector has many advantages .
hong kong 's professional and business services professionals have an in - depth understanding of international and mainland business operations .
hong kong 's professional services , such as accounting , finance , law , and arbitration , are the best cooperative partners in the process of mainland enterprises moving toward internationalization and merging with the world market .
as for our transport , construction , design , and marketing , management consultants , information technology , and conference and exhibition services , it will help enhance the overall productivity and competitiveness of mainland enterprises , and help enterprises and products formulate strategies for the development of the market and enhance the image of brand names .
and tourism , medical , insurance , and other services will help promote the development of relevant markets and industries in the mainland and raise the standard of service .
the close co - operation between the services sectors of the two places will greatly enhance their respective strengths and help them face the opportunities and challenges brought about by economic globalization .
to promote the development of professional services in the mainland market , the financial secretary and i have just held substantial and valuable discussions on the mutual recognition of professional qualifications and other issues of concern with the relevant bureaux and executive departments and various professional sectors in beijing last week .
i am pleased to see the signing of mutual recognition and co - operation agreements in the construction , structural engineering and insurance sectors , which represents an important step forward in the development of the mainland market .
through this meeting , the professional bodies in hong kong have also established closer ties with the mainland regulatory authorities to lay a good foundation for the next phase of friendly co - operation .
i believe that the overwhelming majority of hong kong people love the motherland and hong kong .
the economic , social , political , and cultural ties between the mainland and hong kong have in fact been very close and closely related before and after the reversion .
on the economic front , we see that since the implementation of the four modernizations in the country more than 20 years ago and the reform and opening up , hong kong 's industries have the opportunity to move to the north , and there is new room for development , which has already brought closer the relationship between the hong kong community and the mainland .
recently , we have further opportunities to reach closer economic partnership arrangement with the central authorities , and the service industries in various fields in hong kong have new opportunities to participate more actively and extensively in the economic development of the mainland , and to make new contributions to the country and hong kong . this will also further strengthen the relations between hong kong and the mainland .
on social development , we have seen the rapid development of our country in recent years .
hong kong residents are very excited about beijing 's successful bid to host the 2008 olympic games .
a few months ago , when yang liwei visited hong kong , hong kong people were also very excited . why ?
this is because we feel that the country can have this achievement , and everyone in hong kong is proud of it .
i understand that the legislative council started to discuss with the government on the long - term office space of the legislative council 10 years ago .
similarly , the government has been considering the long - term plan for the relocation of the government secretariat in the past decade or so .
therefore , i understand that the government 's decision to defer the tamar development project , including the new legislative council building , will be disappointing to some members of the legislative council .
i understand that during this period , members have some complaints about the need to continue to work in areas with poor environment .
however , as i have said to the government colleagues who are also affected by this decision , i hope that they will be able to understand the situation in the public interest and be more patient during this period .
i have explained to the executive committee of the legislative council earlier that having regard to the current financial situation and the financial situation following the outbreak of atypical pneumonia last year , the government does not consider it appropriate to carry out the tamar project or a large - scale office building project .
the extension of the new legislative council building at the tamar site will help reduce the government 's financial pressure in the next few years , and will be in the public interest and acceptable to the public .
the government will resume the construction of the new legislative council building at the tamar development when the public finance situation is improving , and our current plan is to do so .
the state is very much concerned about hong kong , the president and the premier , and i know that they and the central government will do their best to do a good job in this regard .
therefore , good news will come one after another in tourism , finance , infrastructure coordination , air traffic rights , zero tariff on products , and service industries .
i also hope that with hong kong 's economic recovery , hong kong will be able to make greater contributions to the development of the country with its own advantages .
during my meeting with premier wen jiabao , i also congratulated him on behalf of hong kong for his remarkable achievements in the past very difficult years , under his leadership , and although the future is still full of challenges , you have listened to his work report , and i am very confident that we are very encouraged .
premier wen also told me that reviewing mr. deng xiaoping 's important exposition on " one country , two systems " 20 years ago is of great significance to comprehensively and accurately understanding the principle of " one country , two systems " and is conducive to the future political development .
he also told me that hong kong people really need to seize this opportunity to focus on the development of the economy and the people 's livelihood , and he is confident in hong kong .
later , i will meet with the secretary of guangdong province , mr zhang dejiang , and the governor of guangdong province , mr huang zhendong , to explore ways to further enhance our co - operation and create a greater win - win situation on the existing basis .
the last point is the " hong kong people governing hong kong " that everyone is familiar with recently , and this system is aimed at administering hong kong with patriots as the main body .
there is also a very clear standard for the patriots . it is necessary to respect the patriots of our own nation , sincerely support the people of hong kong who have resumed the exercise of sovereignty over hong kong , and refrain from doing anything that harms the country and hong kong . this is the patriots , and it is necessary to manage hong kong with these patriots as the main body .
i must reiterate that the people of hong kong as a whole are patriotic .
what i am talking about here is not an ordinary hong kong citizen , but a person who is involved in the management of public affairs in hong kong , and a high - level official in the administrative structure , the legislative council , and the judiciary .
when they are sworn in , they must , in accordance with the " basic law , " express their support for the " basic law " of the hong kong special administrative region of the people 's republic of china and their loyalty to the hong kong special administrative region of the people 's republic of china .
the above - mentioned five or six principles and important considerations are , as a matter of fact , when i started to talk about the long - term future of hong kong in the 1980 's , and when the " joint statement " and the " basic law " were formulated , this set of long - term principles and policies has not changed , and will not change , because this is a series of long - term principles and policies for the country to resume the exercise of sovereignty over hong kong . this is a national policy .
over the past several hundred years since the birth of the intellectual property rights system , especially since the industrial revolution , it has given birth to one major invention after another of epoch - making significance .
in the past 20 years , the intellectual property system has become the basic legal system and important policy means for various countries to promote technological innovation , and has played an important role in rejuvenating the economy and enhancing international competitiveness .
at present , with the rapid development of science and technology and economic globalization , the creation , possession , and use of knowledge and intellectual resources and the quantity and quality of intellectual property rights have become an important foundation for various countries to participate in international competition .
therefore , strengthening international exchanges and cooperation in the protection of intellectual property rights is of great significance to the establishment of a just and rational new international economic order and the promotion of world economic prosperity and development .
the chinese government attaches great importance to protecting intellectual property rights .
in the early period of reform and opening up , china began to establish the intellectual property rights system , and after more than 20 years of efforts , it has formed a relatively complete legal system for intellectual property rights , established a system for protecting intellectual property rights that integrates judicial and administrative law enforcement , and has done a great deal of work in protecting intellectual property rights , thus making important contributions to promoting scientific and technological progress and economic and social development .
as mankind enters the information society in the 21 st century , the scientific and technological revolution will promote the development of the social productive forces with an unprecedented , tremendous motive force .
further improving china 's intellectual property rights system and strengthening international exchanges and cooperation in the protection of intellectual property rights is a requirement for china to open wider to the outside world in the new century , and is also a need for building a socialist modern country and realizing the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation .
we are willing to work together with all countries in the world to establish a fair and rational intellectual property system that is conducive to promoting the scientific and technological and economic development of all countries , and to creating a good environment for all mankind to respect knowledge , advocate science , and protect intellectual property rights .
speeding up the establishment of a mechanism of organization is the most important task facing the sco at present .
thanks to the efforts of all parties concerned , the secretariat and the regional anti - terrorist organizations have made great progress in their preparations .
we must continue our efforts to ensure that the secretariat will be officially activated within this year and a regional anti - terrorism organization will be established at an early date .
in order to embody the great importance attached to the sco , the chinese government , as the host country of the organization secretariat , has decided to provide the secretariat with a free office building .
in the future , we will continue to provide great support for the smooth implementation of the work of the secretariat .
deepening and expanding security cooperation has always been the focus of the work of the shanghai cooperation organization .
with regard to the " three forces " that seriously endanger the interests of all member states in the region , we must never relax our vigilance , still less should we tolerate and accommodate them .
we should make unremitting efforts for a long time to eradicate these evil forces and effectively safeguard the tranquillity and stability of the region .
in order to cut off the sources of funds for the " three forces " activities and more comprehensively and more effectively crack down on the " three forces , " we should put the anti - drug issue on the agenda of security cooperation as soon as possible .
economic cooperation is an important foundation and priority of the sco .
education is the cornerstone of modern civilization .
to improve the quality of the people and enhance the overall national strength , we must vigorously develop the educational cause .
the extensive influence of rural education has a bearing on the overall situation of rural economic and social development .
since the beginning of reform and opening up , tremendous and profound changes have taken place in china 's urban and rural areas , and this is inseparable from the development of education , especially rural education .
the practice of the household contract responsibility system with remuneration linked to output in the rural areas has greatly emancipated the productive forces .
one of the fundamental reasons for the large - scale popularization of advanced and practical agricultural technology , the sudden rise of township and town enterprises , and the large - scale transfer of surplus labor in rural areas to coastal areas and cities and towns is that there are hundreds of millions of rural labor forces who have received compulsory education as the foundation and support , and the great achievements made in the popularization of compulsory education in rural areas have made great contributions .
at present , china 's agriculture and rural economy are at a crucial stage of development , and the development of high - quality , high - efficiency , ecological , and security agriculture , the expansion of agricultural industrialization , and the transfer of surplus labor in rural areas urgently need to comprehensively improve the quality of rural labor force .
the rise of the new scientific and technological revolution in the world and the promotion of the comprehensive building of a comfortably well - off society have set higher demands on the scientific and cultural quality and ideological and moral quality of the vast number of rural population .
without the comprehensive " universal suffrage " in rural areas and without the comprehensive improvement of the quality of peasants , it will be very difficult to achieve a comprehensive well - off life .
we must fully understand the basic , leading , and overall role of rural education in comprehensively building a comfortably well - off society .
the advisers and guests attending the meeting included senior leaders of well - known transnational corporations , well - known international economic experts , and profound experts and scholars .
i deeply feel the spirit of sincere co - operation and a positive and pragmatic attitude of the consultants .
giving full play to the spirit and collective wisdom of our cooperation is conducive not only to planning and promoting guangdong 's development , but also to jointly promoting cooperation and development in various fields .
i have been looking forward to the arrival of the international advisory conference on guangdong 's economic development in 2003 and to listening to and understanding your insight into guangdong 's economic and social development .
our gathering here today is a common goal : strengthening cooperation and exchanges , expanding the space for development , adding vitality to guangdong 's economic and social development , and creating opportunities for the development of your cause .
china 's accession to the wto marks the beginning of a brand - new stage of opening up to the outside world , and we are participating in international competition on a larger scale , in a broader field , and at a higher level .
guangdong is the province with the highest degree of economic development in mainland china , and has taken the lead in feeling the unprecedented development opportunities and severe challenges .
against such a big background , we must firmly seize new opportunities , meet new challenges , comprehensively enhance our international competitiveness , actively promote the process of modernization , strive to open up a new situation in economic cooperation , and realize mutual complementarity , mutual benefit , long - term cooperation , and common development .
the people of guangdong are concentrating their attention on building a well - off society in an all - round way and speeding up the realization of modernization . this will create more development opportunities and space for all friends .
guangdong 's economy , which is full of vitality and broad prospects , is moving toward a new height with a strong posture .
a few days ago , the iraqi interim management committee signed an agreement with the us occupation authorities in baghdad , announcing a step - by - step timetable for the handover of power in iraq by june next year .
the agreement has been endorsed by the international community , and although the eu foreign ministers ' meeting has welcomed it , france believes that " this process is too slow , " and un secretary general annan , while " encouraging " the power transfer plan , said that the " time is not ripe " for the united nations to play a role in iraq , and russia has simply questioned the legitimacy of the agreement .
the iraqi people have turned a cold shoulder , and us public opinion even believes that " this is a major gambling . "
in short , people are mostly semi - confident and wait for a look .
there are many doubts and misgivings in the international community .
this is because people see that the return of political power to iraq is not a willing move of the united states , so it is impossible for the transfer of political power to be thorough , and this is bound to leave a lot of hint .
first , the interim government set up in may next year is not directly elected by the iraqi people , but is elected by the " transitional national congress " elected by 18 provincial - level election committees .
this will be difficult to avoid the suspicion of being controlled by the united states , and its legitimacy may be questioned .
second , the united states has announced that the us military will not withdraw after the handover of power , but will only turn the original " military occupation " into " military presence . "
the us government announced on 18 november that it has decided to impose quotas on three categories of textile products imported from china , namely , knitting , chest clothes , and clothes .
at a time when china is making constant efforts to expand economic and trade cooperation between china and the united states , the us government 's trade protectionism measures cannot but make people deeply regret .
today , with the development of economic globalization , it is extremely inappropriate for the united states to impose new restrictions on china 's textile imports .
first , this kind of abuse of " quota " has restricted the implementation of the wto 's principle of free trade .
on the one hand , he talked about " free trade " in a high - sounding manner , and on the other hand , he frequently sent out " limits " and reerected trade barriers . does this appear to be too arbitrary and unreasonable ?
second , the " quota " has restricted the good development momentum of sino - us economic and trade relations .
since china and the united states reached an agreement on china 's accession to the wto in 1999 , us exports to china have increased by an average annual rate of 15 percent .
from january to september this year , us exports to china increased by 26.2 percent over the same period last year .
in the past two years , us exports of textile raw materials and manufactured goods to china have increased substantially .
as a matter of fact , today 's china has become the fastest growing country in us exports to all countries in the world .
there are many reasons for bush 's failure to achieve his goal during his visit to britain . the most important reason is that after the end of the cold war , the united states has become the only superpower in the world , and it has not taken other people 's eyes and expanded unilateralism .
the united states , without the authorization of the united nations , launched a war against iraq and did not respect the opinions of its major allies on major international issues , such as the reconstruction of iraq .
a recent poll released by the european commission shows that 68 percent of eu citizens believe that the reason for the united states to launch the iraq war is not sufficient , and 53 percent believe that the united states poses a threat to world peace .
second , the united states emphasizes anti - terrorism and wants its allies to invest in it , but does not care about the issues they are concerned about .
with regard to the iraqi reconstruction project , the united states has died at the expense of its own company , and the main contract of the first tender is not willing to be distributed to its own company , the world trade organization has made a ruling on the steel trade dispute , and the united states has imposed high tariffs , and the british industrial and commercial circles have expressed the hope that bush 's visit will make a concession , but in the end , it has not made a clear statement .
third , the united states has put its own values above other countries ' highest standards , and must persist in carrying out democratic transformation of the middle east countries . it has been criticized . some allies have demanded that the united states respect the culture and characteristics of the islamic countries . they believe that one of the reasons for the us military to become bogged down in the quagmire in iraq today is precisely the bitter fruit of its " disrespect . "
however , bush will not change his course because of extensive criticism and opposition . during his visit , he once again defended his iraq policy and stressed that the us - british coalition forces will continue to use force to deal with violent incidents in iraq .
since bush 's current visit to britain has not been fulfilled , the situation in iraq will not necessarily continue to develop as the white house hopes .
after more than half a year of debate , the japanese self - defense forces ' advance team finally went to iraq before the end of 2003 .
this is the first time that japan has sent troops to overseas battlefields since the end of world war ii .
it reflects japan 's will to become a political and military power , and also marks the beginning of a change in japan 's defense strategy .
the reason why the sdf 's visit has attracted people 's attention is that it is not an isolated incident .
japan has taken advantage of the afghan war to achieve a breakthrough in the self - defense forces ' move out of the country , and has adopted the " emergency legal system " on the korean peninsula , thus laying the groundwork for the self - defense forces to use force or even to gain the initiative , and the koizumi cabinet recently adopted the " basic plan for supporting the reconstruction of iraq " to pave the way for sending troops to iraq .
this step , one step after another , finally broke through the restrictions of japan 's peace constitution and achieved the goal of sending troops overseas .
in addition , japan is also preparing to revise the " concept of basic defense forces " in 2004 in order to legalize and permanently send troops overseas and to set up a non - provisional " permanent force " overseas .
at the same time , under the pretext of the so - called " dprk missile threat , " the japanese cabinet meeting made the decision to start deploying the missile defense system in early 2004 , and introduced the us - made " standard - 3 " and " patriot - 3 " missiles to intercept missiles outside the atmosphere and return to the atmosphere , thus building a dual missile interception network .
it is not difficult to see that the japanese self - defense forces are developing in the direction of a regular army with " both offensive and defensive capabilities , " and the so - called " self - defense forces " that " exclusively defensive " will exist in name only .
the reason why japan 's action has attracted people 's attention is , first of all , that these military decisions have an impact on japan 's peace constitution .
after visiting the yasukuni shrine , koizumi was interviewed by a japanese reporter and defended his action .
his arguments were self - contradictory and full of loopholes .
when asked why koizumi visited the shrine , koizumi replied : " japan 's peace and prosperity are achieved on the basis of the war victims .
my visit is to pray for japan 's peace and prosperity . "
we would like to ask : will koizumi 's so - called " war victims " also include class - a war criminals such as hideki tojo ?
can we say that japan has made the basic contributions of class - a war criminals to the realization of peace and prosperity after the war ?
a reporter asked : why did you choose to visit the yasukuni shrine on 1 january ?
koizumi said that it is japan 's tradition to pay homage to the shrine on the first day of the new year , and many people visited the shrine on that day .
it is understandable that ordinary people pay homage to their relatives and friends , and many family members have clearly indicated that their visit to the yasukuni shrine is only to pay respects to their relatives and friends and to resolutely oppose the worship of class - a war criminals at the yasukuni shrine .
the chinese people are rational , and we have always insisted on separating the japanese people from a small number of militarist elements , separating the ordinary people from the right - wing elements , and paying homage to the yasukuni shrine by ordinary people is not the crux of the historical issue .
unity is strength .
this is an irrefutable truth .
to achieve the grand goal of building a well - off society in an all - round way and accomplish the sacred cause of the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation , we must unite all forces that can be united .
the patriotic united front work and the cppcc work in the new century and the new stage must take this as the fundamental starting point and end - result .
we must further uphold and improve the system of multiparty cooperation and political consultation under the leadership of the cpc , further consolidate and develop the patriotic united front , and mobilize all positive factors to the most extensive and full , so as to constantly add new forces to the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation .
in the past year , the cppcc has firmly grasped the two main themes of unity and democracy , conscientiously performed various functions , and played an important role in promoting the comprehensive development of china 's economy and society and safeguarding the overall situation of reform , development , and stability .
in the new year , it is hoped that the cppcc will closely center on the central work of the party and the state , further do a good job in political consultation , democratic supervision , and participation in the administration and discussion of state affairs , carry forward its fine traditions , give play to its own advantages , carry out in - depth investigation and study , actively offer suggestions and suggestions , and make new and greater contributions to the comprehensive building of a well - off society .
from 4 to 6 january , the 12th summit of the south asian regional cooperation alliance ( south alliance ) , which has been postponed for a whole year , was held in islamabad . the meeting approved the " south asian free trade agreement framework treaty , " the " south asian union 's additional protocol to the convention against terrorism , " and the " south asian social charter , " and announced that all countries of the south african union will work together to develop and cooperate in the economic , cultural , and anti - terrorism fields .
during the south african union summit , the bilateral meeting between indian prime minister vajpayee and pakistani president pervez musharraf was particularly eye - catching .
at the last summit , the handshake between musharraf and vajpayee did not give people too much hope for the development of relations between the two countries .
two years later , due to a series of major measures taken by the two sides , such as the resumption of normal diplomatic relations , army - air transportation links , and the realization of a cease - fire in the kashmir region , indian - pakistani relations have continued to ease and finally achieved the highest - level meeting by taking advantage of the opportunity of the south alliance summit .
in the process of improving bilateral relations , the two countries have taken a big step forward , and regional cooperation in south asia is greeting a new turn for the better .
although indian foreign minister singh said on 4 april that the meeting was a " courtesy , " people believe that the meeting means that indian - pakistani relations will continue to be readjusted in a more positive and pragmatic direction .
the leaders of the two countries have realized that tension and confrontation do not conform to their own national interests , but on the contrary , they have lost the opportunity for economic development .
with the further development of economic globalization , strengthening cooperation and rejuvenating the economy have become the urgent task of the two governments .
although the results of the presidential election held in georgia on the 4 th have not yet been officially announced , the victory of saakashvili , the candidate jointly selected by the right - wing political parties and leader of the national movement party , is a foregone conclusion .
the georgian central election commission announced on the 7 th that more than 95 percent of the voters supported saakashvili according to statistics on 89 percent of the votes .
some heads of state of the commonwealth of independent states also sent congratulatory messages to this young politician .
in fact , saakashvili had announced his victory as early as the night of the election .
he claimed that this result was " the victory of the people , " and indicated that georgia would rapidly take action to open up a new future .
in an interview with the media , many voters said that throwing votes to saakashvili means choosing " new hopes . "
even former president shevardnadze , who was forced to resign , also expressed his support for this former political enemy and praised him for " being young , energetic , and well - educated . "
while placing hopes on saakashvili , people have also noticed that there has been no major change in the situation in georgia in the past two months since president shevardnadze resigned .
it can be said that the newly elected president will still face the old problem .
the past year has been an important and unusual year in the course of china 's development .
we have carried out arduous and arduous struggle against the sudden sars epidemic , achieved a major victory in this stage , our country 's economy has maintained a good momentum of development , our per capita gdp has exceeded $ 1,000 , and the " shenzhou - 5 " manned space flight has been successful , the chinese nation 's dream of flying in the sky has become a reality , the people 's unity , social progress , and the people 's living standards have further improved .
china 's achievements in all fields have attracted worldwide attention , and the people of the whole country have made tremendous efforts in this regard , showing their courage and strength to defy hardships and difficulties and create miracles .
looking forward to the new year , we are full of confidence and hope .
taking a general view of the domestic and international situation , our country is at an important strategic opportunity period that must be firmly grasped and can be accomplished .
we must persist in taking deng xiaoping theory and the important thinking of " three represents " as the guide , comprehensively implement the spirit of the 16th party congress and the third plenary session of the 16th cpc central committee , conscientiously implement the central authorities ' major principles and general arrangements for this year 's work , and continue to push forward reform , opening up , and modernization .
to do a good job in this year 's work , we must correctly grasp the situation , not only see favorable conditions and new opportunities , but also see unfavorable conditions and new challenges , and enhance our sense of responsibility , sense of urgency , and sense of urgency .
the three - party talks on the iraq issue were held at the un headquarters in new york on the 19 th . un secretary general annan held consultations with representatives of the iraqi interim governing council and the us - british coalition interim administration , focusing on how the united nations should play a role in the reconstruction of iraq .
the talks involved political , humanitarian , security , and the appointment of the un special representative in iraq . the three parties frankly exchanged views on this .
at a time when the us - british plan to transfer power in iraq is faced with resistance , whether or not the united nations will and how it will intervene in the reconstruction of iraq will naturally attract people 's attention .
since the united states announced the end of the main war in iraq in early may last year , the situation in iraq has continued to be turbulent , and the attacks against the occupation have occurred one after another , resulting in numerous casualties and no peace in the us - british coalition forces .
former iraqi president saddam was arrested on 13 december last year , but the joy of the united states has not been sustained , the security situation has not improved , and the intensification of the resistance movement has put the occupation authorities in a predicament .
on the other hand , the iraqi people and arab countries unanimously demanded that foreign troops withdraw and return to iraq so that the iraqi people can manage their own country .
at the same time , the united states and britain are striving to reshape the iraqi regime in accordance with their own will and , on this basis , gradually extricate themselves from the quagmire .
for this reason , the method and process of power transfer have become the focus of the current iraq affairs .
the power transfer idea put forward by the us and british management authorities and the iraqi interim governing council in november last year was : the interim iraqi government formed before 1 july this year will be elected by the " transitional national congress , " but the representatives attending the meeting will be selected by the " provincial - level election committee . "
and the shiite faction , which accounts for the majority of the iraqi population , stressed that in order to truly and fairly return to iraq , it is necessary to hold a national direct universal suffrage .
us secretary of state powell 's recent visit to russia is still a focal point of public opinion .
on the one hand , this is because the united states and russia play a decisive role , and their mutual relations have a far - reaching impact on the world today .
more importantly , powell 's visit to moscow has substantive contents and conveyed a clear signal : the dark clouds have appeared in the sky of russian - us relations .
if these dark clouds are not dispersed in a timely manner , the prospects for the relations between the two countries may become dark .
although the channels of dialogue between washington and moscow are very smooth , powell has decided to write an article in the influential russian newspaper , the " news of the elimination , " to explain his position .
in his article , powell pointed out that the united states has been perplexed by a series of incidents in russia 's internal and foreign affairs over the past few months .
he believes that the russian political power has not yet completely accepted the restraints of the law , and the key elements of the civil society , such as freedom of the press and development of political parties , are not firm enough .
russia 's policy toward chechnya and its attitude toward the neighboring countries of the commonwealth of independent states are even more worrying to the united states .
in the eyes of diplomats , using the mass media to make public their positions is the " final way " to communicate information .
the original intention of the united states to make this choice is thought - provoking , and it is obvious that russia is embarrassed and unhappy about this .
after entering the new century , economic globalization has become a major and serious challenge facing african countries .
the leaders of african countries have come to realize more and more clearly that africa should not take advantage of the opportunity to seek countermeasures .
on 9 july 2002 , the african union was formally established and started operation . since then , the african countries have actively promoted the " new partnership for african development " , worked hard to develop the economy , and tried to get rid of the unfavorable situation in economic globalization as soon as possible . on the other hand , they have made great efforts to resolve the main obstacle to the great cause of african rejuvenation - - the issue of armed conflicts , so as to create a united , peaceful , and stable environment .
at present , the overall situation in africa has become more relaxed , the hot - point issue has been significantly lowered , and all countries have strengthened their sense of urgency to end armed conflicts .
with the strong support of the united nations and the international community , the influential regional organizations , regional powers , and well - known politicians in africa have actively taken action to intensify their efforts to resolve regional conflicts and eliminate internal strife , and some conflicts and turbulence that have lasted for many years have basically been brought under control .
for example , the congo ( drc ) set up a national unity government in june last year , the government of sao tome and principe in july , the government of liberia and the rebel forces signed a peace agreement in the ghanaian capital of akla in august , the sudanese government and the rebel forces in the southern part of the country in september , and the armed and political factions in somalia started peace talks in kenya in october to discuss the national peace process , and the burundi government signed a peace agreement with the rebels in november .
of course , the current situation of stability in the african region is still relatively weak , the results of peace still need to be consolidated , and some potential or practical armed conflicts still need to be resolved .
at the same time , there is still a big gap between the economic growth rate of african countries and the developing countries in asia and other regions , and these are all unfavorable factors for africa 's development .
how african countries can effectively cope with the challenge of economic globalization and realize their dream of rejuvenation still requires the african people to make long - term and arduous efforts .
recently , the highly pathogenic avian flu epidemic has successively occurred in some areas of our country .
the party central committee and the state council have attached great importance to this , rapidly made a series of major policy decisions , and explicitly put forward the guiding principles and policy measures for the prevention and control work .
all localities and departments concerned should take emergency action and go all out to prevent the spread of the epidemic in accordance with the arrangements of the party central committee and the state council .
at present , the work of preventing and controlling avian flu in the whole country is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
the highly pathogenic avian flu is a kind of animal epidemic that has spread rapidly and has seriously endangered the production of animal husbandry and seriously endangered the health and safety of the masses .
conscientiously doing a good job in the prevention and control of the highly pathogenic avian flu has a bearing on the health and safety of the masses , on the development of agriculture and the increase of peasants ' income , on the overall situation of economic development , and on social stability . all localities and departments should take the important thinking of " three represents " as the guide , strengthen leadership and close cooperation in accordance with the requirements of the " law of the people 's republic of china on the prevention and control of animal diseases ,
as the world 's largest debtor , the amount of us foreign debt is increasing again .
the u.s. debt to foreign creditors totaled 6.494 trillion u.s. dollars at the end of september , an increase of 2.2 percent over the previous figure , the treasury department said today .
on average , each american has already paid over $ 20,000 in foreign debt .
it is a coincidence that a week ago , the international monetary fund [ imf ] issued a research report system , which sharply sounded the alarm for the shaken financial foundation of the united states , and pointed out that the us foreign debt , which has constantly broken through the record , has reached the level of threatening global financial stability .
statistics show that foreign private investors have controlled about 40 percent of us government bonds .
in the first half of the 20 th century , it is unavoidable for people to think of the strategy of president roosevelt : adopting a deficit policy to stimulate the economy within the country , while the fiscal deficit is resolved through foreign debt .
this move has indeed played an important role in stimulating " effective demand " and resolving the urgent needs of the economic crisis .
however , people can see that many us administrations tend to take this as a " magic drug . "
however , since president reagan initiated a tax cut and arms expansion in the 1980 s , the us financial deficit has gradually increased and has finally become the largest debtor country .
the first round of six - party talks is an important step in the process of peaceful settlement of the nuclear issue on the korean peninsula .
some common points formed by various parties during the talks have laid the necessary foundation for continuing the talks and further clarified the objectives , channels , and principles for resolving the nuclear issue on the korean peninsula .
in the past few months , all parties concerned have insisted on peacefully resolving the nuclear issue on the peninsula through dialogue , and on the basis of the results of the first round of six - party talks , they have extensively carried out coordination and consultations at different levels and made unremitting efforts to hold the second round of talks as soon as possible .
at the same time , the dprk and the united states have further demonstrated varying degrees of flexibility .
at present , important progress has been made in the preparatory work for the talks , and the good talks have been well received by the people .
the results of the second round of six - party talks and whether the peace process can be maintained are of common concern to all parties concerned and the international community .
in this regard , a spokesman for the chinese foreign ministry said that the goal of the six - party talks is to maintain and promote the process of peaceful settlement through dialogue , and we are willing to make joint efforts with all parties concerned in this regard .
the basic starting point of the chinese side is to safeguard peace and stability on the korean peninsula and realize a nuclear - free peninsula .
the chinese side believes that so long as all parties attending the meeting uphold the sincerity of peace talks , respect each other , and hold consultations on an equal footing , they will be able to create favorable conditions for promoting the settlement of relevant issues .
at the end of the 1970 s , the relations between the two countries deteriorated , and the two countries severed diplomatic ties in 1981 .
us president reagan once listed a long string of crimes for libya 's leader qazi , such as accusing libya of secretly developing nuclear weapons , engaging in military intervention and terrorism , etc.
the two sides had a battle of words , and the united states launched two surgical strikes against libya , namely , the " agni " and the " golden valley . "
since then , the united states has imposed economic sanctions against libya , political strikes , diplomatic containment , and military threats .
qazi , under heavy pressure , did not give in .
at present , the warming - up of relations between murray has been attributed to the deterrent effect of the iraq war , which seems to be biased .
as a matter of fact , for many years , the unique character of qazi , on the one hand , opposed the united states , and on the other hand , he has always dished out an olive branch to the united states , but unfortunately , he has not received any response .
after the end of the iraq war , the various parties in the middle east have readjusted their strategic and regional forces , and this has provided an opportunity for the resumption of the diplomatic relations between the two countries .
as far as qazi is concerned , repairing relations with the united states can end the sanctions , revitalize the economy , improve the people 's livelihood , extricate himself from an isolated situation , and merge with the international community .
by giving up those things that have not yet been achieved and cannot be achieved for the time being , we can exchange for a new environment in which there is a way out for another village .
from 7 to 8 february , political figures from europe , the united states , and other regions of the world gathered in munich , germany , to attend the 40 th munich security policy conference .
the so - called " munich security policy conference " is an international security forum founded by non - governmental personages in germany and sponsored by the german government . in recent years , especially after the " 11 september " incident , people have increasingly attached importance to it , and has been called the " davos forum " in the security field .
an important topic of the meeting was cross - atlantic relations .
the remarks made by the european and us political leaders at the meeting show that the two sides are making every effort to shake off the shadow of the iraq war and to return to the track of cooperation .
bertrm , director of the berlin institute of international and security affairs , said that this is a meeting for the restoration of relations between europe and the united states , and both sides have the desire to move closer to each other .
as far as european - us relations are concerned , the new information sent out by the meeting is that europe and the united states need to resume dialogue , seriously consider the common tasks facing both sides , and find the interests needed to fulfill these common tasks .
compared with last year 's meeting , the smell of gunpowder in this year 's meeting has disappeared , and the positions of the two sides are approaching .
although the " old europe " represented by france and germany is still deeply rooted in the us war on iraq , it said that it would " look forward to the future . "
german foreign minister fischer said at the meeting : " although we have different views on the war , we must work together to ensure the realization of peace after the war in iraq , and we must look forward to this .
he also said that although germany will not send troops to iraq , germany will not obstruct nato from playing a direct role in iraq .
the united states , which has taken the initiative in the field of modern media , has monopolized a large number of international news - speaking rights , and its public opinion propaganda has long spread all over the world , and it has simply reached an all - embracing level . why does it still have to spend a huge amount of money to set up satellite television stations that cover 22 countries in the middle east ?
in the words of the responsible person of the " freedom no . 1 " television station , it is necessary to provide a " comprehensive and just " news platform for arab countries .
however , some analysts pointed out that " freedom no . 1 " will be a strategic weapon for the united states to carry out public opinion infiltration , cultural invasion , and attacks on arab countries , and an important propaganda tool for the united states to carry out the policy of integrating the middle east and transforming the islamic world .
this shows that the mission of " freedom no . 1 " is an extraordinary one , and there are three major candidates to be selected : first , to spread the " concept of freedom . "
the united states believes that the islamic civilization is a serious obstacle to the promotion of modern civilization by the west , and the extremist religious forces in the middle east islamic countries are a breeding ground for international terrorism with anti - us as the main characteristics . in order to effectively counter terrorism , it is necessary to transform the islamic world , so that it can recognize and accept the western value concept , way of life , and political system .
the united states is trying to instill its own ideology into the arabs through the imperceptible influence of the " freedom no . 1 " program .
second , the united states should improve its image .
the united states pursues unilateralism toward the outside world and acts as it pleases on a series of international issues . its hegemonic acts have made the arab countries and the islamic world .
after the " 11 september " incident , the contradictions between the united states , which has always been biased toward israel , and the islamic world in the middle east have become increasingly acute .
the us occupation of iraq by force under the pretext of eliminating weapons of mass destruction and anti - terrorism without solid evidence and un authorization has aroused strong resentment among the muslims .
the talks between pakistani and indian officials were held in islamabad from 16 to 18 february , with the hope of peace rising again on the south asian continent .
officials of the two countries have decided on the agenda and mode of future talks and established a mechanism for continuing dialogue . this move indicates that the pakistan - india dialogue process has been resumed after two years of suspension , and has laid a foundation for the two countries to gradually resolve all outstanding issues , including the kashmir dispute , and has embodied the valuable peace sincerity of the two sides .
prior to the talks , although the relations between the two countries have been warming up by a series of good - will moves by the two sides , most analysts still hold a cautious attitude toward the prospects of the peace process .
it is no wonder that looking back at the sudden ups and downs in the relations between pakistan and india in recent years , it seems that no one will dare to guarantee : today , the sun is still on the negotiating table , and tomorrow will not become a lightning on the border .
however , the statement of the two countries , read with a smiling face by the pakistani foreign minister , has once again filled the optimistic mood , and has given the eyes of many people who have been concerned about the situation in south asia for a long time .
first of all , the timetable set for the talks is very workable , and the two sides have not only specified the specific time and topics of the talks , but also set different levels of talks according to the degree of importance of the topics to be discussed .
second , the two sides have drawn lessons from the failure of the talks between the leaders of the two countries during the summit in july 2001 , and adopted the method of " step - by - step " dialogue , so that the level of the talks will be reduced from a low level to a high level , so as to make full preparations for high - level dialogue .
third , after experiencing bilateral relations , the two countries unanimously agreed that war is not a good way to resolve disputes . the two sides should be far away from war , and this consensus has laid a foundation for the leaders of the two countries to reach an understanding that " pakistan and india will never fight any more . "
to comprehensively and accurately understand and implement the principle of " one country , two systems , " it is necessary to integrate " one country " with " two systems , " " patriotism , " and " love for hong kong , " integrate the respect for hong kong 's high degree of autonomy with the maintenance of state sovereignty , and integrate the maintenance of hong kong 's capitalism with the maintenance of socialism in the main body of the country .
only in this way can we effectively safeguard the well - being of hong kong compatriots and conform to the long - term interests of the country and the entire people .
since hong kong 's return to the motherland , the central government has unswervingly implemented the principle of " one country , two systems " and handled affairs in strict accordance with the basic law .
the vast number of hong kong compatriots enjoy unprecedented democratic rights as masters of their own affairs .
with the strong support of the central government and the mainland of the motherland , hong kong has overcome various risks and challenges , such as the impact of the asian financial crisis , and has continued to maintain its status as an international financial , trade , and shipping center .
practice has proven that the principle of " one country , two systems " has great vitality .
today , the speech made by comrade deng xiaoping 20 years ago has once again declared to the world the firm determination of the central authorities to implement the principle of " one country , two systems " and , more importantly , to enable everyone to comprehensively and accurately understand the principle of " one country , two systems " and constantly push forward the great practice of " one country , two systems . "
today , the party central committee and the state council solemnly held a national science and technology awards meeting here .
president hu jintao presented awards to academicians liu dongsheng and wang yongzhi , who won the 2003 national supreme science and technology awards .
the conference presented awards to scientific and technological workers who won the " china manned spaceflight project " project and the 2003 national natural science award , the national technological invention award , and the national scientific and technological progress award .
on behalf of the party central committee and the state council , i would like to extend warm congratulations to all the winners !
i would like to extend my sincere regards and lofty respects to the scientific and technological personnel on all fronts throughout the country !
for our country , the first 20 years of this century are an important strategic opportunity period that must be firmly grasped and can be accomplished .
we must concentrate our efforts on comprehensively building a well - off society with a higher standard of living that benefits more than 1 billion people .
to make good use of this strategic opportunity period and strive to accomplish something , we must put the development of science and technology in a more important and prominent position .
after the " 9.11 " incident , us president bush dished out the " preemptive " strategy in june 2002 , put it into practice in us foreign relations , and fought the first " preemptive " war in iraq in march last year .
the concept of " preemptive strikes " not only runs counter to the norms of international law with " mutual respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity " as the core , but also will inevitably trigger a dangerous effect of mass follow , and a new situation of turbulence will emerge in the international order .
at the beginning of the " preemptive " theory , some political figures in the united states raised this question : " if other countries follow the example one after another , what should they do ? "
as a result , over the past two years , more and more countries have claimed to be " preemptive " and the " preemptive " forces are expanding .
this is a new trend worthy of attention and research .
in the same month when bush put forward the " preemptive " strategy , australian prime minister howard was the first to come out to express his support .
he said that once the relevant terrorists receive reliable intelligence to attack australia , australia will adopt a " preemptive " strategy and will not hesitate to take military action against neighboring countries .
he even suggested that the principle of " preemptive strikes " be written into the un charter , holding that it is necessary to amend the un charter and give all countries the right to " gain the initiative " in order to strike at terrorists or countries that support terrorist activities .
in northeast asia , as early as in the " defense white paper " published in july 1999 , the japanese defense agency proposed that before facing missile attacks or military invasion , japan could launch " preemptive " attacks on foreign bases .
after the iraq war , the call of japan for " preemptive " strategy was even more rampant .
recently , international opinion has made many comments on the current us policy toward africa .
the " foreign policy focus " published by the united states in january this year is entitled " the prospects of africa policy in 2004 . " the article holds that in the past year , the bush administration 's foreign policy has directly or indirectly had a negative impact on africa . in particular , the united states has paid full attention to the issue of the war against terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction . in particular , the united states has been greatly scattered in iraq .
people still remember that in order to show concern for africa , the bush administration formulated the " president 's emergency plan for the treatment of aids " in january last year , and promised to provide at least $ 3 billion in funds to africa every year .
in july last year , president bush visited five african countries , including senegal , south africa , botswana , uganda , and nigeria , and promised to provide 15 billion us dollars of aid to african countries in the prevention and treatment of aids , and another 100 million us dollars was used to fight against african terrorist activities , and announced the food emergency aid program and educational aid program .
these aid programs were once welcomed by african countries , and have won many praise internationally .
however , one year has passed and the concrete actions of the united states have yet to be implemented .
africa is in urgent need of assistance .
after entering the new century , africa is faced with all kinds of development challenges . in order to achieve the " development goals of the century " set by the united nations in 2000 , to strive to reduce hunger and poverty , and to promote health and education , africa has set up a " african union " to coordinate the affairs of the whole continent , and has drawn up a " new partnership plan for african development " aimed at promoting the development of various countries . however , due to the weak economic foundation , the development fund has always been very short .
the united nations has repeatedly called on developed countries to use 0.7 percent of their gross domestic product for official aid to the least developed countries .
however , the united states ' official aid accounts for only 0.1 percent of its gross domestic product ( gdp ) , which is far short of the united nations ' demand , and ranks the last in the list of donor countries .
recently , european public opinion has been discussing a hot topic : whether the " three magnates " meeting between german chancellor schroeder , french president chirac , and british prime minister blair is gradually moving toward a mechanism .
public opinion calls germany , france , and britain the " new three giants " of the european union , and the relations among the three countries are called the " new triangle . "
the " new triangle " is a new thing . no matter which angle it is still to be observed , it seems that the " new triangle " will be conducive to the process of european integration , and this will help europe play an important role in the international arena as a pole in the multipolar world .
taking a general look at the history of europe over the past 100 years , a basic characteristic of the relationship between germany , france , and britain in the triangle is that the united kingdom and france are united , constraining or resisting germany .
two world wars are proof of this .
during the cold war , the east and west germany were suppressed in the warsaw pact and nato respectively .
after the end of the cold war , germany has become more powerful , the pattern of western european forces has become more unbalanced , and france has become more suspicious . as a result , the " axis of germany and france " has been out of order for a time , and the united states and britain have once again been close to each other , and its intention is still to contain germany .
however , in recent years , with the reactivate of the " axis of germany and france " and the fierce collision between unipolar and multipolar world concepts , the eu has been seriously divided on the iraq issue .
the " old europe " represented by germany and france is completely contrary to the " new europe " represented by britain and poland on the iraq war issue .
this split also happened to be the largest expansion in the history of the european union .
egyptian president mubarak made a speech on the reform of arab countries in cairo a few days ago , criticizing the outside world 's practice of imposing a single reform model on arab countries , and warning that such an attempt can only be just the opposite , and will not benefit the security and stability of the middle east region .
he believes that the reform measures should be based on their own characteristics and according to their capability , while the single reform mode has ignored the cultural background , social customs , and religious characteristics of different countries .
at the same time , he pointed out that the arab countries welcome foreign assistance in the course of reform , but such efforts should clearly understand the different national conditions and respect the wishes of various countries , so as to promote the political , economic , and cultural reform process of the arab countries .
the egyptian leader 's remarks represent the common view of the arab countries .
at present , under the pressure of anti - terrorism , anti - proliferation , and democratic reform , the middle east , as one of the world 's hot spots , is deliberating on new turbulence and will lead to new integration .
after the two wars in afghanistan and iraq , how did iraq , which was regarded by the united states as one of the " axis of evil , " carry out political reconstruction ?
how will various political systems and social models in the middle east region evolve ?
this is not only a concern of the arab world and the international community , but also an interest of the united states and its western allies .
after meeting with visiting bahrain crown prince sahman in washington on 9 april , us secretary of state powell reiterated that the united states would pursue a " western - style democratic and capitalist plan " in iraq and the middle east .
he also stressed : " we are considering what we can do and how to institutionalize this . "
last year , it was the " cultural and educational year " defined by the international olympic committee .
the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games has taken advantage of this favorable opportunity to hold a series of educational activities to disseminate advanced culture and popularize olympic knowledge .
among them , the publication of the " textbook on the knowledge of the olympic games of middle school students , " which is mainly composed of young people , is a very important achievement .
the text of the textbook , which has been written in the form of telling stories , has systematically and vividly introduced the knowledge of the olympic movement and the essence of the olympic spirit . it is a good teaching material that helps young students enhance their understanding of the olympic movement and enhance their enthusiasm in participating in the olympic games .
last year , the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games also specially designed a classroom program with the beijing olympic logo for young students .
the concept of " green olympics " is to use the idea of sustainable development , such as environmental protection and ecological balance , to prepare and host the olympic games .
we hope that these textbooks will be able to standardize the behavior of young students as stipulated in the class , so that they will gradually become the practitioners and propaganda agents of the " green olympics " concept .
education is one of the core contents of the olympic movement , and is also an important embodiment of the " olympics of humanity . "
the real purpose of the olympic movement is to educate young people from a new angle and in a new way , to promote the harmonious development of young people , and to make contributions to the establishment of a peaceful and beautiful world .
therefore , the integration of sports and education has not only opened up a new vista for the development of education , but also made the olympic games more educational .
the " green olympics " is one of the three major concepts for beijing to host the 2008 olympic games .
the core content is to greatly improve the quality of the capital 's environment , create a beautiful environment for the olympic games , and build an ecological city .
to this end , it is necessary to extensively adopt environmental protection technology and means , promote environmental control , urban and rural greening and beautification , and the development of the environmental protection industry on a large scale and in a variety of ways , continuously enhance the awareness of environmental protection in the whole society , and encourage the public to actively participate in various activities to improve the ecological environment .
doing a good job in the implementation of the " green olympics " is an important task for us to implement the proposal of the third plenary session of the 16th cpc central committee on persistently taking people as the foundation , establishing a comprehensive , coordinated , and sustainable scientific outlook on development , and promoting the comprehensive , coordinated , and sustainable economic and social development of beijing municipality .
we must attach great importance to this .
in order to achieve the goal of the green olympics , beijing municipality has formulated the " olympic action plan " and the " ecological and environmental protection plan " on the basis of the " 10th five - year plan " and the " bid report , " and has drawn up new goals and plans for environmental construction and protection work in the next few years .
through implementation in a planned and step - by - step manner , the goal of holding a green olympics will be fully achieved .
on 25 february , the us state department issued the " country reports on human rights practices in 2003 , " which once again criticized the human rights situation in more than 190 countries and regions , including china . it was a " teacher " who said that the human rights situation in many countries was not good and did not meet the us standards .
of course , there are still some countries that have greatly improved the human rights situation , such as afghanistan and iraq , but this is the " contribution " of the us armed forces in overthrowing the former regime and " liberating " the two countries .
what about the human rights situation in the united states ?
as in previous years , the report is like a mere formality .
on 1 march , the information office of the state council issued the " us human rights record in 2003 , " making up for the deficiencies of the us human rights report .
the article , based on a large number of facts , describes the problems of human rights in the united states and the violations of human rights in other countries by the united states .
in the history of the americans , there is a tradition of stressing honesty , and there is a tradition of making mistakes and admitting mistakes .
the story of george washington 's tree felling when he was little is a vivid example .
now that the united states has become the only superpower in the world , it does not speak the truth .
recently , the mainstream media in japan have quietly changed their reports on china 's economic development .
contrary to the " china threat theory " in the past , many reports in japan have begun to believe that china 's economic development has promoted japan 's economic recovery , and china 's strong market demand has become an important driving force for japan 's economic development .
recently , the us " news weekly " also carried an article saying that china 's rise is an opportunity , not a threat , to other countries , especially neighboring countries .
the " china threat theory , " which has been widely circulated , is being replaced by the " china opportunity theory . "
the " china threat theory " asserted that china 's development will pose a threat to other countries , especially neighboring countries .
however , this prediction , which is aimed at sowing dissension , has not been accepted by china 's neighboring countries .
former malaysian prime minister mahathir said bluntly , " asian countries do not need to be afraid of china 's increasing military and economic strength , because china does not have a tradition of external conquer . "
in a long - term plan published by the indian defense ministry , the indian defense ministry also held that china does not pose a military threat to india .
in the economic and trade field , the governments and enterprises of all countries regard china as the best choice to expand the market , and overseas investors with strategic vision have resolutely written the " theory of china 's opportunities " with action : among the world 's 500 largest enterprises , more than 400 have come to invest in china .
for several years in a row , china has ranked first in the world in attracting foreign capital .
ghazadeh is an important macro - economic indicator of the world 's common practice .
it is of utmost importance to maintain the growth of glittering in the entire process of china 's modernization .
in our country , we must maintain the momentum of rapid economic growth in terms of the growth rate of the gp alone , which is one percentage point higher than that of our country .
the grand goal of building a well - off society in an all - round way and the realization of the third - step strategic goal of modernization will , to a great extent , depend on the sustained and rapid growth of the ghazadeh .
however , we should see that there are also shortcomings in the ghazadeh index .
for example , it is not easy to accurately reflect the quality and structure of economic growth , and it is not easy to reflect people 's actual social welfare level , nor can it accurately measure social distribution and social justice .
on the other hand , ghap is not the only one .
our assessment of the political achievements is not merely based on the growth of glittering , but also on the reality of the material and cultural life of the masses , and on the employment situation , social security , and even social justice , social order , social management , and social harmony .
therefore , we must adopt a scientific spirit , a scientific attitude , and a scientific ideological method to deal with the existing glittering accounting system , and put the gidp in a position in the entire economic and social development .
it is necessary to maintain a certain growth rate , and we must not pay too much attention to it , still less should we unilaterally and painstakingly pursue it .
since the un security council delegation visited six west african countries at the end of june last year , although the situation in individual countries has been repeated for a time , the overall situation in the entire region has undergone encouraging changes .
we are pleased to note that the sierra leone government is making positive progress in enhancing the capability of the armed forces and the police , in strengthening the control of the diamonds of the country , and in organizing local government elections , and the unmik is also gradually reducing the scale in accordance with the established plan .
what is equally gratifying is that with the deployment of the unmik , liberia is gradually getting rid of the influence of long - term war and is beginning to embark on the road of recovery and reconstruction .
guinea - bissau has also made positive progress in its political process , and the interim government has promised to hold legislative elections in march this year .
the peace process in cote d ' ivoire has taken a turn for the better after some setbacks . all sides have promised to implement the " liana - magasek agreement " and the " new army " announced its return to the national reconciliation government . the security council is studying the issue of sending peacekeeping troops to the country .
we expect the security council to make a decision on this matter as soon as possible .
the secretariat , the western african region , and the relevant parties have also worked hard to resolve cross - border issues such as small weapons , employment of maids , and children 's troops from a regional perspective , and have achieved positive results .
when fully affirming the above progress , we should see that the overall situation in the west africa region still has a weak side , especially because of geographical and historical reasons , the various countries in the region have close ties and the situation has affected each other , and the turbulence of a country often affects the neighboring countries and even the entire region .
therefore , as recommended by the un security council report , the international community , including the un security council , must adhere to a comprehensive and comprehensive strategy in resolving the issue of west africa , and make great efforts to resolve the relevant cross - border problems . at the same time , it should actively help the relevant countries , the african union , the western african region , and other regional and sub - regional organizations to strengthen their ability to prevent and resolve conflicts .
we have a common understanding that children are the future of the world .
we have the obligation to create the best and most suitable conditions for them to enable them to live and learn , so as to help them grow up , mature , and successful .
however , it is regrettable that tens of thousands of children are still suffering from armed conflicts in the contemporary world .
what they experienced was turmoil and backwardness , what they saw was violence and sabotage , what they suffered , and what they felt was sad and helpless .
therefore , it is an important duty of the international community to protect children from being harmed by armed conflicts .
all countries , especially the parties involved in the conflicts , should make the greatest efforts to this end .
we are pleased to see that in recent years , the united nations has adopted a series of measures to promote the protection of children in armed conflicts and has achieved positive results .
the security council has successively adopted four resolutions , namely , 1271 ( 1999 ) , 1314 ( 2000 ) , 1379 ( 2001 ) , and 1,460 ( 2003 ) , providing an important framework for the work of protecting children .
the un peacekeeping operations in some regions have taken the protection of children as an important task , including the appointment of children 's protection advisers , and in the process of helping the country to carry out the program of disarming , rejoining , and returning to society , the special needs of children have been fully taken into consideration .
some peace agreements promoted or participated in by the united nations also include provisions on the protection of children .
national reconciliation is an important condition for the establishment of lasting peace and stability in the region after the conflict .
after the conflict is over , if the parties concerned cannot give up their old hatchet and resolve their old grievances , then it will be difficult to truly consolidate the peace situation , and even the flames of the conflict may be lit again .
in many cases , the realization of national reconciliation after the conflict requires the joint efforts of all parties concerned , and at the same time , it also requires the support and assistance of the international community , especially the united nations .
for many years , the united nations has played a useful role in helping to promote the process of national reconciliation after the conflicts , and has accumulated many experiences , and we believe that , on the whole , in order to successfully help countries realize national reconciliation after the conflicts , the united nations must properly handle the following three major relationships :
it is necessary to take into account the relationship between short - term needs and long - term objectives .
national reconciliation usually takes a certain process , and it is very difficult to achieve it at one stroke .
there should be different focal points in different stages .
to promote national reconciliation , it is first necessary to let the former combat personnel " bid farewell to weapons " and create a safe environment .
in this stage , it is very important to strive to achieve the goal of disarming and restoring the former combat personnel and returning to society .
we are pleased to see that the situation in bosnia - herzegovina has become increasingly stable , the relations between various nationalities have been further relaxed , the economic reconstruction has achieved initial results , the return of refugees has been basically completed , and relations with neighboring countries have been improving day by day .
the progress made in the peace process in bosnia - herzegovina has not come easily and is gratifying .
we extend our congratulations to the government and people of bosnia - herzegovina , and sincerely hope that all parties in bosnia - herzegovina will continue to make efforts to further strengthen mutual trust and cooperation and constantly push forward the peace process .
at the same time , we have also noticed that the building of national - level organizations and capabilities in bosnia - herzegovina has yet to be further improved . in particular , reform in the judicial , police , and other fields is still facing challenges .
we believe that it is appropriate for senior representatives to take this as the focus of their work in the first half of this year , and we support the work of the bosnia - herzegovina government in actively cooperating with the high - ranking representatives .
it is believed that with the help of the international community , the people of bosnia - herzegovina will continue to make new achievements in the course of building their own country , embark on the road of independent development at an early date , and achieve the goal of integration into europe .
the peace and stability of bosnia - herzegovina is of great significance to the realization of lasting peace and development in the region .
the chinese side has always been concerned about the development of the situation in bosnia - herzegovina , and will continue to work together with the international community to make its own contributions to helping bosnia - herzegovina achieve long - term peace and stability and economic development .
china appreciates the efforts made by the anti - terrorism committee to promote the implementation of resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) by various countries , to help strengthen the anti - terrorism capability of developing countries , and to support the committee in strengthening coordination and cooperation with relevant international , regional , and sub - regional organizations in the international anti - terrorism struggle .
at the same time , we hope that the anti - terrorism committee will intensify its anti - terrorism assistance work and strive to meet the actual needs of the developing countries .
at present , the issue of rejuvenating the anti - terrorism committee has attracted the attention of the vast number of member states .
after repeated consultations , the anti - terrorism committee submitted a formal report and distributed it as a security council document .
through more than two years of practice , the current structure and mode of operation of the anti - terrorism committee have indeed shown a lack of sufficient support , such as the heavy burden of the report of the member states , the excessive number of meetings and documents , the need to improve work results , and the lack of coordination among experts .
therefore , we fully support the necessary reform of the anti - terrorism committee , and we agree with the package of proposals put forward in the report , such as the establishment of an executive council of the anti - terrorism committee , and we hope to resolve the existing problems as soon as possible , especially the problem of the heavy burden of the report of the vast number of member states .
here , i would like to stress that rejuvenation and reform are a continuous process , and no matter how reform is carried out , the anti - terrorism committee should maintain policy guidance and guidance in dealing with its work , and any decision should be made through consultation at the plenary session of the anti - terrorism committee .
in recent years , the issue of small weapons has been closely watched by the international community .
this shows that all sides have become increasingly aware of the harm caused by the excessive accumulation and illegal trafficking of small weapons to the stability , post - war reconstruction , and social development of the relevant regions and countries .
fortunately , the united nations has taken a series of effective actions to resolve this issue .
in 2001 , the " gun protocol " attached to the " un convention on cracking down on transnational organized crime " and the " program of action " of the united nations for small weapons were reached one after another .
this has provided a legal and policy basis for the proper resolution of the small arms issue , and has demonstrated the international community 's determination to crack down on the illegal trade of small weapons .
in the past three years , the international community has made great progress in promoting the implementation of the " gun protocol " and the implementation of the " program of action . " in particular , the successful convening of the first annual meeting of the united nations on small weapons in 2003 has provided a new motive force for the continued comprehensive and effective implementation of the " program of action . "
the resolution no. 58 / 241 adopted by the un general assembly decided to set up a working group to negotiate on the identification and tracing of international documents on illegal small weapons , which will undoubtedly further promote the international community 's efforts to crack down on the illegal trade of small weapons .
similarly , the security council has also paid more and more attention to the issue of small weapons , and has conducted special deliberations on many occasions , and adopted the chairman 's statement and resolution .
moreover , when examining a series of issues concerning the protection of civilians , women , and children in conflicts , the security council stressed the importance of handling the issue of small weapons .
developing the economy and eliminating poverty is the basic prerequisite for achieving sustainable development .
sustainable economic development is the material foundation for environmental protection and comprehensive social progress .
without solving the problem of survival , there will be no development , still less sustainable development .
promoting economic development and striving to eliminate poverty is the only way for developing countries to move toward sustainable development .
without solving the problem of poverty in the developing countries , the development of the developed countries will also be difficult to sustain .
rational use of resources and protection of the environment is an inevitable requirement for achieving sustainable development .
development cannot be carried out at the cost of wasting resources and sacrificing the environment .
natural resources are not inexhaustible , but the demand for the development of human society is constantly growing . if the relations between the two sides are not handled properly , it will inevitably lead to the deterioration of the ecological environment and seriously threaten the survival and development of mankind .
only by following the path of recycling economy based on the most effective use of resources and environmental protection can we achieve sustained development .
realizing all - round social progress and improving the people 's living standards and quality are the ultimate goal of sustainable development .
a year ago , the ninth informal leadership meeting of the asia - pacific economic cooperation was held on the bank of the huangpo river in shanghai , and the situation at that time was still fresh in the mind .
today , we gather in the beautiful los cks on the other side of the pacific ocean to discuss the great plan for economic cooperation in the asia - pacific region .
i am very happy to meet my old friend .
i would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt thanks to president fox for his kind invitation and the mexican government 's meticulous arrangements .
in the past year , the trend of economic globalization has continued to develop , and scientific and technological progress has been changing with each passing day , bringing new development opportunities to all countries .
at the same time , uncertain factors in global economic development have increased , and some countries and regions , including relevant apec members , are facing new challenges in the course of economic development .
trade protectionism is on the rise , and it is still a long - term and arduous task to realize free , fair , and just trade .
the struggle against terrorism is arduous and complex , and non - traditional security factors have increased .
our world is still far from tranquil .
although the international community is still faced with all kinds of problems , and there may be any unexpected problems in the future , the trend of the times of peace and development is irreversible , and the desire of the people of all countries for a better life has not changed .
it is of great significance for this dialogue meeting to take development as the main theme .
development is the foundation for the progress of human civilization and the key to solving various contradictions and problems facing the world .
only by achieving global coordination , balance , and universal development will it be possible to achieve lasting world peace and stability .
we should explore this issue in an all - round and in - depth manner and make concerted efforts to resolve this issue .
the accelerated development of the trend of economic globalization has become the most prominent characteristic of the world economy today .
under the impetus of the trend of economic globalization , the contacts between various countries and regions have become increasingly close , the market has become more open , and the flow of capital , technology , and talent has become more extensive and rapid . all this has brought unprecedented opportunities for strengthening international cooperation and promoting common development .
at the same time , the development of the trend of economic globalization has also brought severe challenges , the gap between the south and the north has widened , and some developing countries are facing the danger of being further marginalized , economic and financial risks have increased , and transnational crimes are serious . all this has increased the urgency of conducting international cooperation and jointly coping with challenges .
at this moment when opportunities and challenges coexist , we should seize opportunities , meet challenges , seek common ground while reserving differences , expand cooperation , and promote the evolution of economic globalization in the direction of realizing common development and prosperity .
( international ) us flu spread to peak
xinhua news agency report of december 31 from los angeles ( by staff reporter yan liang ) - the us center for disease control and prevention said on the 31 st that the united states has reached its peak in the past 30 - plus years , with 45 of the 50 states in the united states having a relatively large area of flu spreading , and the number of deaths caused by influenza rapidly increasing .
according to statistics released by the center as of december 20 , the number of deaths caused by influenza in the united states has reached a record high of 7.8 percent of all deaths in the same period .
at least 42 children died of influenza in the united states , and the number of adult deaths is also on the rise , but it is still impossible to accurately calculate the number of deaths .
experts believe that there are two reasons for the serious spread of influenza in 2003 : first , the flu virus is not the " panama - type " flu virus , which was popular in previous years , which has made it impossible to effectively prevent the virus , and second , the united states had a surplus of influenza vaccines last year , and the two major supply companies have reduced the output of the vaccines to 83 million this year , resulting in the shortage of vaccines this year .
although an average of 36,000 people in the united states die of influenza every year and 114,000 people are hospitalized due to flu , it is still very rare to see a certain degree of social panic like this flu .
william thompson , an epidemic expert in the united states , believes that this flu is the most serious in the united states in the past 30 years and more , and it is even earlier than in previous years . in many schools , there has been a large - scale spread of flu , and many places where flu vaccines have been vaccinated have been formed .
in the face of such a grim situation , the us department of health activated the emergency handling center on 19 december and sent medical experts groups to various states .
three killed in traffic accident in zhejiang
xinhua news agency , hangzhou , january 1 ( fang li and zhang hongming ) a serious traffic accident occurred in ninghai county , zhejiang province on the early morning of the 1 st .
due to the heavy fog , an overloaded car and a large truck collided , killing three people and injuring four .
at about 2 : 00 a.m . on the 1 st , the driver , hua , drove a red flag taxi with a license number of zhejiang 's bot 8705 , from linhai to ninghai , carrying six passengers on board .
at that time , the road was filled with fog and the sight was not clear .
when the two sides reached a distance of 700 meters , the taxi and a large truck carrying the same direction collided with each other .
it has been learned that at that time , the large truck entered the main lane from the super lane , and the taxi was unable to avoid the accident , and the car crashed into the bottom of the truck . the vehicle was seriously distorted , and three of the seven people , including the driver , were killed on the spot .
after the accident , the traffic police department of zhejiang province promptly issued a circular calling on the traffic police departments of the whole province to take immediate measures to strengthen traffic management under bad weather conditions , prevent the overloading and speeding of vehicles from causing accidents , and ensure road safety during the spring festival transportation period .
( international ) another 14 survivors rescued in iran
xinhua news agency , tehran , january 1 , iran 's national radio said on the 1st that the iranian search and rescue personnel found another 14 survivors on the 31 st and the 1 st in the ruins of the basam earthquake - stricken area .
" we have saved at least one life , " said ali ashtra , a staff member of the iranian red crescent society , when he rescued a young shop owner from his clothes on the 1st .
i have gone to the battlefield and experienced many tests , but i have never been so happy . "
the iranian national radio said that the search and rescue personnel also rescued a nine - year - old girl and a pregnant woman from the ruins .
their health is very weak .
according to the state radio , rescue personnel found 11 survivors on the 31 st , including a four - month - old baby and an 80 - year - old woman .
however , rescue personnel believe that with the passage of time , the chance of finding survivors is very slim .
according to statistics , the search and rescue personnel have found about 28,000 bodies at the scene of the earthquake and have buried some of the bodies .
in addition , they rescued 2,000 survivors from the ruins , most of whom were found the next day of the earthquake .
according to the latest report released by the un humanitarian coordination office on the 31 st , the death toll in the earthquake - stricken areas and other channels in iran is expected to rise to 34,000 .
( international ) americans celebrate the new year with float parade and winter games
xinhua news agency , washington , january 1 , a variety of celebration activities were held in various parts of the united states on the 1 st to greet the arrival of the new year .
the most eye - catching ones are the annual " roses parade " in los angeles , california , and the winter games in minnesota .
on the same day , hundreds of thousands of tourists gathered in the streets of los angeles to watch the 115 th " roses " parade , and to experience the festive atmosphere brought about by the new year amid the brilliant performance of the band and the magnificent and colorful float parade .
to prevent terrorist activities , the los angeles police have adopted unprecedented tight security measures .
more than 1,000 policemen and a large number of plain - clothes mixed into the crowd to monitor suspicious figures .
the police also used various measures , such as video cameras , helicopters , and police dogs , to monitor the scene of the march and to conduct strict checks on suspicious items .
on that day , about 100 vehicles parked near the procession line were searched by the police .
in the cold state of minnesota , about 500 people took part in the 14 th minnesota winter games and donated money to local charity groups .
the courageous moves of the participants in diving and swimming in the cold - bone ice , which attracted a large number of viewers , won the unanimous applause and support of the people .
( international ) south asian foreign ministers discuss free trade zone and anti - terrorism issues
xinhua news agency , islamabad , january 2 ( reporter zhang ning ) the two - day foreign ministers ' meeting of the south asian regional cooperation alliance ( south alliance ) opened in islamabad on the 2 nd . the foreign ministers of the member states of the south african union will discuss important issues such as the establishment of a south asian free trade zone and the signing of an additional anti - terrorism protocol .
during the meeting , the foreign ministers will also study specific ways of cooperation in curbing the sale of women and children , protecting the rights and interests of children , and establishing a fund for the disabled .
the foreign minister of pakistan , who is the host country , has been elected chairman of the meeting .
in his speech , he called on the member states of the south african union to strengthen cooperation and exchanges , enhance mutual understanding , make joint efforts to safeguard peace and stability in the region , and create conditions for eliminating poverty and promoting economic development in the region .
the foreign ministers ' meeting of the south african union is a preparatory meeting for the summit of the south african union .
the 12th south alliance summit will be held in islamabad from 4 to 6 january . heads of state or government of the seven member countries of the south alliance , namely bangladesh , bhutan , the maldives , nepal , india , pakistan , and sri lanka , will attend the meeting .
due to the speculation that the leaders of india and pakistan may hold talks on bilateral relations during the meeting , the summit meeting of the south african union is particularly eye - catching .
( international ) us rescue team says aid to iran has no political color
xinhua news agency , bakam , iran , january 2 ( reporter jiang xiaofeng , liao zhenyun ) - the head of the us international development agency 's humanitarian aid project , steve kartlin , who is taking part in the earthquake relief work in iran 's bakan region , told xinhua reporters on the 2 nd that the us rescue team 's participation in the rescue activities in iran does not have any political color .
kartlin pointed out that the us organization of this rescue team " has nothing to do with politics , " and the us had provided similar humanitarian aid to iran in the past .
he said that the rescue team , composed of 84 people , had set up a city search and rescue team and a battlefield hospital in the bakan area , and several other teams were responsible for assessing the damage of the houses in the city .
they also brought with them plastic sheeting , tents , and other relief materials .
when asked how long the us rescue team will stay in bakan , karterin said : " how long will the owner ( the iranian government ) stay ? "
kartlin also said that the activities of the us rescue team in bakan were free , and there was no iranian police to protect or track them .
in addition , he believes that the iranian government 's ability to respond to and deal with the earthquake is " first - rate and outstanding . "
the us international development agency is a subsidiary of the international development and cooperation agency and is under the administration of the us state department .
since the united states and iran severed diplomatic relations in 1980 , the two sides have never resumed normal relations .
so far , the united states still regards iran as one of the " countries that support terrorism " and one of the " axis of evil . "
the us dispatch of a rescue team to iran this time was an action taken at the invitation of the iranian ambassador to the united nations .
( international ) israeli deputy prime minister denies plans to expand golan heights settlements
xinhua news agency , london , january 2 , israeli deputy prime minister olmert denied on the 2 nd that israel plans to expand jewish settlements in the golan heights , saying that there is no such " plan " or such " policy . "
israeli agriculture minister qazi told the press on december 31 last year that the israeli government plans to double the number of jewish settlers living in the golan heights before a peace dialogue with syria , so as to strengthen control over the golan heights .
in an interview with bbc , olmert said that the development of agriculture , tourism , and settlements on the golan heights as mentioned by qazi was wrong .
he said : " in the past two days , i have repeatedly verified with the premier and the finance minister , and in accordance with the government 's commitment , there is no such approved plan . "
he said that although some ministers agreed to such plans , the government would not give them any support .
the golan heights was seized from syria in the third middle east war in 1967 , with a total of 17,000 jewish settlers .
because of this , syria and israel have been in a state of war for a long time .
qazi 's statement on the expansion of the golan heights immediately aroused widespread concern in the international community , and syria condemned israel 's expansion plan , stressing that it was illegal .
china 's high - tech modern weapons industry has begun to take shape
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 3 ( reporter li jinyan and li bin ) in the past year , the china ordnance group corporation , as one of the top 10 military industrial enterprises in china , has made major progress in the development and reform of new and high - tech weapons and equipment .
ma zhigeng , general manager of the china ordnance group corporation , said here on 3 march that the company 's sales income in 2003 was 49.7 billion yuan , an increase of 19.7 percent over the same period of last year , and the whole system was able to turn losses into profits two years ahead of schedule , and the high - tech modern weapons industry has already taken shape in china .
the ordnance industry is the largest industry in the field of science , technology , and industry for national defense , and has a basic strategic position in the modernization of national defense .
in recent years , the china ordnance group corporation has persistently taken the lead in the development of science and technology and qualified personnel . on the one hand , it has paid attention to the development of high - tech weapons , and on the other hand , it has successfully developed a number of high - tech weapons and equipment urgently needed by the chinese armed forces , and has developed a number of high - tech military products .
at the same time , the china ordnance group corporation has made great efforts to push forward structural readjustment , and the total number of 21 enterprises has been declared bankrupt and closed down . the total number of staff members and workers has been reduced from 660,000 when the group company was formed to 360,000 , with a net reduction of 116,000 people , and six enterprises have been reorganized and listed on the stock market .
( international ) mongolian animal husbandry situation improves in 2003
xinhua news agency , ulan bator , january 5 ( reporter lu guodong ) according to local media reports on the 5 th , by the end of 2003 , mongolia 's livestock reserves had reached 2530.78 million , an increase of 162.33 million over the same period last year .
this is the first time that mongolia 's livestock reserves have picked up after three consecutive years of decline .
last summer , there was plenty of rainfall , and there was no snow in spring and winter , thus creating favorable conditions for the improvement of the livestock industry in mongolia .
by the end of 2003 , there were a total of 255.56 million camel , 195.83 million horse , 178.43 million cattle , 107.062 million sheep , and 106.34 million sheep .
compared with the same period last year , the number of camel , sheep , and sheep has increased , while the number of horses and cattle has decreased .
mongolia 's livestock industry was basically privatization in the 1990 s .
however , after privatization , the livestock industry was completely " dependent on heaven . "
from 1994 to 1999 , mongolia 's livestock industry has been thriving for six years in a row due to the smooth wind and rain .
at the end of 1999 , mongolia 's livestock reserves reached a record high of 33.5 million .
however , from 2000 to 2002 , there have been three consecutive years of heavy snow and summer drought , and mongolia 's livestock industry has also suffered setbacks for three years in a row .
at the end of 2002 , the number of domestic animals in mongolia was only 236.85 million , a drop of 98.55 million in three years .
( international ) dprk says it will use military force against the united states
xinhua news agency , pyongyang , january 6 ( reporter ji xinlong ) the democratic people 's republic of korea ( dprk ) central news agency issued a commentary on the 6 th , calling on the united states to make good - will efforts to resolve the nuclear issue , and said that the dprk will make great efforts to strengthen its military strength and use its military strength to deal with the united states .
the commentary said : to ease the tension on the korean peninsula and ensure peace and stability on the korean peninsula , the most important thing is to peacefully resolve the nuclear issue between the dprk and the united states through dialogue .
the dprk has proposed a package solution based on the principle of action at the same time .
the commentary reiterated that the peaceful settlement of the nuclear issue through dialogue is the consistent principled stand of the dprk .
the us government should treat the dprk 's stand with goodwill .
however , the weapons and other advanced weapons that the united states will soon test - fire on the afghan and iraqi battlefields are being transported to south korea and are speeding up preparations for a new war .
the commentary also said : " with regard to the tough policy of the united states in comprehensively denying and threatening the ideology and system of the dprk , the dprk will deal with it with a superpower , " this is a self - defense option that the dprk should adopt to defend its sovereignty and rights of survival and to safeguard peace and stability on the korean peninsula and in the region .
the greater the threat from the united states , the more the dprk will further strengthen its anti - imperialist military front and use its military strength to deal with the united states .
( international ) us service industry still lags behind manufacturing industry
xinhua news agency , new york , january 6 ( reporter xue yanping ) a report released by the supply management association of famous us research institutes on the 6 th shows that the us service industry index dropped in december last year , indicating that the growth of the service industry is still lagging behind the manufacturing industry .
the report said that in december last year , the service index , including the retail , financial , construction and other non - manufacturing sectors , fell from 60.1 in the previous month to 58.6 , and economists had estimated that the index would rise to 60.5 .
according to the standards of the supply management association , the service index is higher than 50 , while the service index is lower than 50 .
according to another report released by the supply management association on the 2 nd of this month , the index of manufacturing industries in the united states rose sharply in december , the highest in 20 years .
this shows that the us service industry is still lagging behind the manufacturing industry at present .
the growth of the manufacturing industry will help expand employment and promote economic growth , but the growth of the service industry will play a greater role in reducing unemployment and promoting economic growth .
( international ) li zhaoxing , pakistani foreign minister talk over phone to congratulate south african union summit
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 7 , chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing , who is currently on a visit to cote d'ivoire , had a phone conversation with pakistani foreign minister kasuri on the 6 th to warmly congratulate the success of the south asian regional cooperation alliance ( south alliance ) summit in islamabad .
li zhaoxing said : the important document adopted by the meeting has set a development goal for the south african union process , and will promote the cause of peace and development in the region and conform to the interests of the people of all countries in south asia .
as a friendly neighbor , china sincerely hopes that south asia will maintain peace and stability and move toward prosperity .
china is willing to work together with all south asian countries , including pakistan , to promote peace and development in the region .
li zhaoxing also said that during the meeting , the leaders of pakistan and india had a bilateral meeting and reiterated that they would take further measures to ease their relations .
the chinese side welcomes and supports this and is willing to make its own contributions to promoting peace and development in south asia .
kasuri spoke highly of china 's constructive role in promoting peace and development in the south asian region .
he said : pakistan is willing to continue to strengthen friendly and mutually beneficial cooperation with china so as to benefit the people of the two countries and make due contributions to the cause of regional and world peace and development .
hong kong registered 6,888 enterprises in beijing
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 7 ( reporter zhu huaying and chen jianxing ) as of the end of 2003 , the number of hong kong - registered enterprises in beijing had reached 6888 , and the total amount of hong kong businessmen 's investment contracts in beijing had reached 17.9 billion us dollars , accounting for 43 percent of the total amount of foreign investment in beijing .
the service industry accounted for 43 percent of beijing 's total foreign investment and the manufacturing industry 24 percent .
this was disclosed by lu hao , vice mayor of beijing municipality , at the " seminar on promoting hong kong and macao ( the mainland ) and the development of economic and trade cooperation between the mainland and hong kong and macao " held here on the 7 th .
lu hao said : the beijing municipal government attaches great importance to economic and trade cooperation with hong kong and macao . on 2 january , the beijing municipal government announced the relevant policies and arrangements of the beijing municipal government to further promote the implementation of the arrangement .
he believes that there is great potential for cooperation between beijing and hong kong and macao , and this potential mainly comes from the following three aspects : first , the economic institutions in beijing and hong kong and macao , second , the advantages of beijing and hong kong and macao , and third , the existing economic and trade relations and friendly personnel exchanges between beijing and hong kong and macao .
( international ) 35 injured in attacks on us military bases in iraq
xinhua news agency , baghdad , january 7 ( reporter li jizhi and nie xiaoyang ) the us military in iraq issued a statement on the evening of the 7 th , saying that a us military logistics base in western baghdad was attacked by mortars and 35 soldiers were injured on the evening of the 7 th .
the statement said that at about 6 : 45 pm local time , unidentified militants attacked the base with mortars and six bombs hit the base .
at present , the injured soldiers have been transferred to nearby battlefield hospitals for treatment , but the statement did not reveal the situation of the wounded and more details of the incident .
although the mortars did not cause the death of the us military , they were one of the most violent attacks on the us military in iraq since former iraqi president saddam was arrested on 13 december last year .
since the us - british coalition forces launched the iraq war in march last year , 331 us soldiers have been killed in an attack in iraq .
according to another report , unidentified militants fired at a checkpoint near the northern iraqi city of kirkuk on the morning of the 7 th , and then fled .
an iraqi police and a civilian were shot dead .
since the coalition forces occupied iraq , nearly 200 iraqi police have died in various attacks .
( international ) portugal 's veteran star to celebrate 113 th birthday
xinhua news agency , lisbon , january 7 ( reporter zhao xiaozhong ) - according to a report by the portuguese media on the 7 th , the portuguese woman life star carrelo , who ranks second in the world 's long life record , will celebrate her 113 th birthday with her family on the 9 th .
he was born on january 9 , 1891 , and is now living in the town of new eadia in the central portuguese city of brown .
her family is now in the same hall of the fifth century . she has six sons and daughters , 26 grandsons and granddaughters , 39 tsang sun and zeng granddaughter , and seven myths and myths .
on her 113 th birthday , five generations will gather together to celebrate the birthday of the old star .
however , carrelo 's family said that they would not go all out to carry out the rehearsal at that time , because the old lady was too old and did not get up in the afternoon every day .
according to portuguese media reports , the world 's first woman life star was born on november 6 , 1889 .
at present , the french have not broken the long - life record of the french , najiman , and she was 122 years old when she died in 1997 .
shenzhen implements health quarantine measures for exit - entry drivers
xinhua news agency , shenzhen , january 8 ( li nanling and hong wen ) in order to effectively prevent the spread of infectious atypical pneumonia through the shenzhen port and protect people 's health , the shenzhen inspection and quarantine bureau recently issued a public notice , deciding to comprehensively implement the health quarantine measures for the drivers of the three land border crossings , including huanggang , man kam to , and sha tau kok , from the 9 th day .
it has been learned that since there are a large number of cross - boundary vehicles at the shenzhen port , such as the average number of cross - boundary vehicles at huanggang control point on a daily basis , and the number of man kam to control point is as high as 25,000 , it is quite difficult to ensure the smooth flow of the port and to carry out health quarantine for all drivers .
in order to do a good job in the work of checking the temperature of the entry - exit drivers and the inspection and quarantine system , the shenzhen inspection and quarantine bureau has overcome all kinds of difficulties . in addition to increasing the number of personnel from the inside to the front line of the port , it has recently urgently recruited more than 250,000 people . after conducting concentrated training , all of them have been strengthened to the front line of the port to ensure the safety and smooth progress of the port . at the same time ,
the shenzhen inspection and quarantine bureau has requested all relevant units and exit - entry drivers to pay attention to the fact that the " entry - exit health quarantine declaration card " can be obtained at the work points of the " entry - exit vehicle and cargo ( personnel ) inspection and quarantine supervision book " or the work points of the inspection and quarantine inspection card .
at the same time , the bureau called on relevant units and drivers to actively cooperate with each other to do a good job in this work , effectively prevent the spread of sars through the shenzhen port , and protect people 's health .
( international ) us dollar hits new low
xinhua news agency , new york , january 8 , under the influence of a speech by the president of the european central bank , the us dollar again fell to a low ebb eight days after a flash in the pan on the 7 th .
the president of the european central bank , jean - claude trichet , issued a commentary on the same day , saying that the excessively high euro exchange rate has had a negative impact on the export of european enterprises , but he believes that the gradual recovery of the world economy and the rebound in consumer demand have partially offset the impact of the appreciation of the euro .
at the same time , he pointed out that the strong euro also played a positive role in the price stability of the euro zone to a certain extent , so the european central bank decided to maintain the original interest rate level .
investors regard the comments as a signal that officials of the euro zone are not worried about the appreciation of the euro , which has led to a drop in the exchange rate of the us dollar against other major currencies in the west , and the exchange rate of the pound against the us dollar has risen to a new high in 11 years .
at the closing session of the new york foreign exchange , the exchange rate of the euro against the us dollar dropped from 1.2640 to 1.2761 , the exchange rate of the british pound against the us dollar from 1.8180 to 1.8320 , and the exchange rate of the us dollar against the japanese yen fell from 106.27 to 106.17 , and the exchange rate of the us dollar against the swiss francs dropped from 1.2398 to 1.2867 .
( sports ) ruissky : i am the victim of the p
xinhua news agency , london , january 9 , a tennis player who admitted that his drug tests were positive said on the 9 th that there were a large number of tennis players taking doping , and he was only a substitute for the professional tennis association .
lucidsky is the no. 2 competitor of the british men 's network .
on the 8 th , he admitted that he had received medical examination during a tour in july last year , and the medical inspectors of the professional tennis association had notified him of the low concentration of steroids in his urine sample .
on the 9 th , lucidsky said that in fact , more than 40 first - class tennis athletes had been found to have a higher concentration than his , but he finally became a victim .
the 30 - year - old rustsky said : " i have been selected . this kind of treatment is wrong , unfair , and discriminatory .
they should not prosecute me , but should investigate the entire context of the incident . "
lucidsky vowed to " fight to the end " for his own injustice .
he firmly denied that he had any act of using banned drugs to improve his achievements .
he said that the root cause of the incident was not himself , but the entire network .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) evpcom opens up new situation for hong kong legal profession
xinhua news agency , hong kong , january 12 ( reporter liu shiping ) - the secretary for justice of the hong kong special administrative region government , ms elsie leung , said on the 12th that the " mainland and hong kong closer economic partnership arrangement " ( cepa ) has created a win - win situation for the legal circles in hong kong and the mainland : hong kong lawyers can benefit from the sustained economic growth in the mainland , and at the same time help the mainland improve the professional knowledge of international trade and financial affairs .
speaking at the opening ceremony of the legal year 2004 , ms leung said that the department of justice had assisted the business community in drawing up the provisions on legal services in the cable tv , and continued to make contributions to the agreement on legal services co - operation and the promotion of the legal services information network in hong kong :
-- we should promote the establishment of a systematic cooperative relationship between hong kong and mainland lawyers so that they can complement each other with their own advantages and benefit each other .
the department of justice proposes to enter into a co - operation agreement on legal services with various provinces and cities under the framework of cpcom so as to promote systematic co - operation between the two sides .
at present , the department of justice has signed cooperation agreements with judicial bureaus in beijing , shanghai , and other places .
-- continue to promote hong kong as a legal service and dispute resolution center .
-- it plans to set up a legal services information website to provide information on hong kong and mainland lawyers , and hopes to join macao and taiwan lawyers .
on the 1 st of this month , after the implementation of the cable tv system , hong kong lawyers can expand their business in the mainland market through various means . if they can form a joint venture with mainland law firms , they can be employed as hong kong legal advisers by mainland law firms , or they have the right to practice in the mainland in a limited way after obtaining the qualification of the prc lawyers .
( international ) lebanon calls on eu to make efforts to restore middle east stability
xinhua news agency , beirut , january 12 ( reporter pan liwen ) - lebanese president lahoud called on the european union ( eu ) to make efforts to restore stability in the middle east region during a meeting here on the 12th .
lahoud said that the eu can play an important role in restoring stability in the middle east region .
relevant parties in the middle east should abandon the use of force and return to the negotiating table as soon as possible .
he said : lebanon supports the resumption of peace talks between arab countries and israel , with the aim of promoting the implementation of relevant un resolutions .
lahoud pointed out that the arab peace proposal set by the 2002 arab summit in beirut is still a favorable basis for the start of the middle east peace process .
when talking about the threat and pressure facing lebanon and syria , rato said that the purpose of the threat and pressure on lebanon and syria is to urge them to change their national and national principles .
these principles reflect the common aspirations of the lebanese and syrian people in liberating occupied territory , ensuring the palestinian people 's right to return , establishing an independent palestinian state , and opposing the settlement of palestinian refugees on the spot .
he condemned the israeli sharon administration for obstructing and undermining peace efforts and for refusing to implement relevant un resolutions .
during the meeting , olmert stressed that eu countries are determined to work together with arab countries to implement relevant un resolutions and restore peace in the middle east region .
olmert arrived in beirut on the evening of 11 november for a visit to lebanon after concluding his visit to syria .
( international ) syria calls on israel to treat peace seriously
xinhua news agency , united nations , january 12 , syria 's permanent representative to the united nations ( un ) , feldstein , said on the 12th that although israeli president shimon peres has invited syrian president bashar to the peace talks in jerusalem , israel must first seriously consider the issue of realizing peace and return the golan heights occupied by him to syria .
mahmud said that unless israel " seriously respects " the un security council 's resolution on demanding that israel withdraw its troops from the golan heights , israeli president qazi 's invitation did not have any influence .
he stressed that only by doing so can there be peace , and syria will not sacrifice its own territory .
mahmoud ahmadinejad pointed out that the role of the israeli president is mainly a courtesy , and that israel is truly in charge of the affairs of the cabinet led by prime minister sharon .
he said : " we will not hold talks with the israeli president . this is a matter of negotiations with the israeli government . "
prior to this , israeli president qazi suddenly announced through a public radio station that he invited syrian president bashar to jerusalem to hold talks with israeli leaders .
in view of this , syria believes that this is only a news fabrication .
recently , syria has stepped up its diplomatic offensive against israel , hoping to resume peace talks between the two countries .
however , sharon said that only by showing syria 's willingness to end terrorism can the two countries resume peace talks .
( international ) rok president says progress made in rok - dprk relations
xinhua news agency , seoul , january 14 ( reporter zhang li ) south korean president roh moo - hyun said on the 14 th that despite the impact of the nuclear issue , south korean - dprk relations have " quietly but realistically " made progress in the past year , and south korea will continue to develop north - south relations with practical contents on the basis of a solid security guarantee this year .
on the same day , roh moo - hyun said at a new year 's news conference , entitled " change , stability , and hope , " at the ching wa dae presidential palace that all the development strategies and plans of the rok countries are based on peace on the korean peninsula , and the establishment of stable rok - dprk relations is the key to the rok 's national development strategy .
despite the impact of the nuclear issue , a total of 38 south - north talks were held in 2003 , and the number of north - south dialogue days reached 106 . this shows that rok - dprk relations have " quietly but realistically " made progress in the past year .
this year , the rok will continue to develop north - south relations with practical contents on the basis of a solid security guarantee , and the keynote of peacefully resolving the dprk nuclear issue will continue .
if the dprk nuclear issue is resolved , then there will be another opportunity for the rok - dprk relations to take off with a turning point .
at the same time , roh moo - hyun said that in the new year , the south korean government will focus on developing the economy , creating job opportunities , stabilizing the financial and real estate markets , promoting harmonious labor relations , and enhancing the competitiveness of the country and industry .
( foreign affairs ) wen jiabao meets mongolian prime minister enkhbayar
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 14 ( reporter liu dongkai ) premier wen jiabao of the state council met with mongolian prime minister enkhbayar at the ziguang pavilion of zhongnanhai on the 14 th .
wen jiabao said : china and mongolia have decided to establish a good - neighborly partnership of mutual trust , which is of far - reaching significance to the development of bilateral relations in the new century .
mongolia is an important neighbor of china .
the new central leading collective of china will adhere to the principle of being good neighbors and good neighbors , pursue the policy of " good neighborliness , good neighbors , and rich neighbors , " further enhance trust , deepen cooperation with mongolia , seek common development , and always be good friends , good neighbors , and good partners of mongolia .
wen jiabao stressed that china attaches great importance to the mutually beneficial economic and trade cooperation between china and mongolia , and hopes that mongolia will develop as soon as possible , and is willing to carry out long - term and stable cooperation with mongolia in resource development and infrastructure construction .
enkhbayar expressed his pleasure at getting acquainted with premier wen .
he said : since president hu jintao visited mongolia last year , the good - neighborly and mutual trust partnership between the two countries has continued to develop , and new achievements have been made in the economic cooperation between the two countries . the mongolian side is satisfied with this .
enkhbayar said : mongolia has always placed its relations with china in an important position in mongolia 's foreign relations .
the mongolian side thanked the chinese side for its assistance to mongolia over the years .
the mongolian government firmly supports china 's stand on the taiwan issue .
the mongolian side very much welcomes chinese enterprises to actively participate in mongolia 's infrastructure construction and resource development .
present at the meeting were vice foreign minister wang yi and mongolian foreign minister erdogan erdogan .
( international ) brazil continues to record fingerprints and photographs of us tourists
xinhua news agency , rio de janeiro , january 13 ,
to reduce the impact of this move on the tourism industry , the rio de janeiro tourism bureau presented a small gift to the americans who came to hong kong , giving them a feeling of being at home .
the small gift includes a bright rose flower and a t - shirt with the words " rio de janeiro love you " .
the tourism administration hopes that through the issuance of small gifts , the americans will be able to reduce their worries about waiting for fingerprint and photo - taking .
" this is a small welcome act that shows how important us tourists are to us . "
he disclosed that because brazil has implemented measures to record the fingerprints and photographs of americans , about 320 americans have canceled their travel plans to brazil .
the us government decided last year to take pictures of foreigners who have entered the united states , including brazilian citizens , and to withdraw fingerprints from the united states from january 5 .
in order to protest against the us move , the brazilian government has also adopted the same measures against americans who have entered the country since january 1 .
the us government has expressed dissatisfaction on many occasions with brazil 's practice .
us secretary of state colin powell personally made a phone call to brazilian foreign minister amply this week , asking brazil to cancel this " discriminatory " measure against the americans .
amrim , on the other hand , demanded that the united states also take corresponding actions .
( international ) norway resumes peace mediation in sri lanka
xinhua news agency , colombo , january 14 , in order to restore the temporarily suspended peace mediation activities in sri lanka due to the political crisis , norwegian ambassador to sri lanka hanes brundtland went to a town in the northern part of sri lanka under the control of the " liberation tigers of tamil eelam " on the 14 th to discuss the peace process with the anti - government armed political leaders .
sri lanka 's cabinet spokesman pelosi told reporters that brundtland will hold talks with the political leader of the tiger group , thellivan , later in the day .
at the same time , norwegian special envoy solheim will also hold a meeting in london with the chief negotiator of the tigers , balassin al - halim .
this is the first time in two months that a norwegian special envoy has met with representatives of the tigers .
on 4 november last year , sri lanka 's president kumaratunga suddenly removed the post of defense minister marina , interior minister arama , and information minister mahmoud ahmadinejad , accusing them of making too much concessions in the process of negotiations with the tigers .
norwegian officials announced 10 days later that they had suspended their peace mediation activities in the country in view of the political crisis in sri lanka .
( archaeological discoveries ) 31 qin tombs discovered in fengxiang county , shaanxi
xinhua news agency , xi ' an , january 15 ( reporter : iron ma ) - in the past , the historical circles have all along believed that the palace of the nantou village in fengxiang county , baoji city , shaanxi province , has become a place for the royal family to carry out major worship activities after the qin people moved to the yongdu city . however , the shaanxi archaeological research institute recently discovered 31 qin tombs in this palace .
in order to coordinate with a company in baoji city to build a plant at the site , the shaanxi archaeological research institute carried out archaeological exploration in this area , and discovered a total of 31 qin tombs in the western zhou and spring and autumn periods within an area of about 20,000 square meters .
through the clean - up and excavation of these ancient tombs by the yongcheng archaeological team of shaanxi province , more than 40,000 cultural relics , such as bronze ware and clay , were unearthed .
one of the qin tomb is a two - coffin with a two - horse burial pit next to the tomb .
a total of 15 pieces of bronze ware and utensils were unearthed in the tomb , and the bronze medallion , pot , and hammer were unearthed .
among them , the fine bronze medallion has been produced , with a very exquisite tattoo , and has maintained the style of the western zhou dynasty 's bronze ware casting .
from the items that were buried together , we can see that the owner of the tomb was the qin nobles in the late zhou dynasty .
experts guess that there should be a huge ancient tombs nearby .
this accident found that it was of great historical value to study the relocation of the qin capital and the layout of the yongcheng city during the qin dynasty .
tian yaqi , deputy research fellow of the shaanxi provincial archaeological research institute and head of the yongcheng archaeological team , said : in the past , the historical circles have always believed that the palace of the nantou village was a place for the royal family to carry out major worship activities in the qin dynasty and the western han dynasty .
this time , the discovery shows that before the relocation of the city of yongyong , this place was a fencer of the western zhou dynasty and had experienced several ups and downs .
( international ) kuwait and jordan oppose damage to iraqi security and stability
xinhua news agency , kuwait , january 14 ( reporter an jiang ) - kuwait and jordan stressed in kuwait on the 14th that the two countries are opposed to harming iraq 's security , stability , and territorial integrity and abide by the principle of not interfering in iraq 's internal affairs .
kuwaiti foreign minister sabah co - chaired the first meeting of the joint committee between kuwait and jordan on the same day with visiting jordanian foreign minister al - sabah .
at a joint press conference held at the end of the meeting , the two sides called for strengthening the role of the united nations in iraq , implementing the agreement reached between the iraqi interim management committee and the us - british coalition forces , and transferring power to the iraqi people within a specified time .
the two sides also called on the us - british coalition forces to carry out their obligations in accordance with the relevant un security council resolutions and the norms of international law , and at the same time stressed the importance of cooperation between iraq and its neighboring countries to jointly prevent human smuggling and cross - border activities .
the two sides jointly condemned the collective slaughter of iraqis and kuwaiti prisoners of war committed by the former iraqi regime in the name of other countries ' arrested persons , believing that this was an open violation of human rights and islamic doctrine .
the two sides welcomed the decision of the iraqi interim management committee on the establishment of a special court and the trial of prisoners .
china commending collective and individual for their outstanding contributions to manned spaceflight project
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 15 ( reporter xi howard ) the ministry of personnel , the commission of science , technology , and industry for national defense , and the general armament department of the people 's liberation army recently made a decision to commend advanced collectives and individuals who have made outstanding contributions to china 's manned spaceflight project .
forty units , including the general office of china 's manned spaceflight project office , have been awarded the title of " china 's outstanding contribution to the manned spaceflight project , " and 400 individuals , including chen bingzhong , deputy chief designer of china 's manned spaceflight project , have been awarded the title of " outstanding contributions to china 's manned spaceflight project . "
since the implementation of the manned spaceflight project in 1992 , the scientific and technological workers and officers and men of the armed forces who have participated in the development , construction , and testing of the project have worked hard to explore , boldly surpass , master a series of core technologies with their own intellectual property rights , and embark on a high starting point , high - quality , high - speed , high - efficiency , and low - cost path for the development of manned space flight with chinese characteristics , and a large number of advanced collectives and individuals have emerged .
what has been commended this time is the outstanding representative of them .
the ministry of personnel , the commission of science , technology , and industry for national defense , and the general armament department called on all units and individuals participating in the research , development , construction , and testing of china 's manned space project to learn from the collective and outstanding contributions of china 's manned spaceflight project , and to work hard to promote the development of china 's manned space undertaking .
china takes measures to prevent entry of foot - and - mouth disease in tajikistan
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 15 ( reporter du yu ) the ministry of agriculture and the state administration of quality supervision , inspection , and quarantine jointly issued a public notice a few days ago , banning the import of hoofed animals and their products directly or indirectly from tajikistan , and those that have arrived at china 's ports will be returned or destroyed .
according to a report by the world animal health organization , three cases of foot - and - mouth disease have occurred in tajikistan recently .
in order to protect the safety of china 's livestock industry , the ministry of agriculture and the state administration of quality supervision , inspection , and quarantine also issued a public notice , urging the prohibition of the import of clogged animals and their products from tajikistan by mail or passengers .
once discovered , all the cases will be returned or destroyed .
international navigation vessels , aircraft , trains , and other transport vehicles that pass through china or stay in china , if they discover that there are birds and their products from the republic of korea , they will be sealed up , and their waste , sore , and so on will be dealt with without harm under the supervision of the entry - exit inspection and quarantine organization and shall not be abandoned without authorization .
the circular calls for the destruction of hoofed animals and their products from tajikistan , which were intercepted by the customs and border defense departments , under the supervision of the entry - exit inspection and quarantine organs .
( international ) air passenger company 's volume exceeded boeing for the first time last year
xinhua news agency , paris , january 15 ( reporter xu zhenqiang ) the european airbus corporation issued a statement on the 15 th , saying that the company 's aircraft delivery volume in 2003 was 305 , which exceeded the original estimate of 300 , and was the first to lead its competitor , the us boeing company , and ranked first in the world .
last year , the number of aircraft delivered by the air passenger company was slightly higher than that of 303 in 2002 .
the company forecasts that the market will remain sluggish this year , so the volume of its aircraft will be " close to 300 . "
the us boeing company announced earlier this month that its aircraft delivery volume last year was 281 , and is expected to be between 275 and 290 this year .
in 2003 , the number of aircraft paid by the air cargo company rose to 52 percent of the world 's total , and in 2001 and 2002 , its global share was 38 percent and 44 percent respectively .
last year , the company received 284 orders from its customers , with a total value of 32.8 billion us dollars , and the actual number of orders that were cancelled in the middle of the year was 254 , accounting for 52 percent of the world 's total .
the senior management of the european air defense and space company , which owns 80 percent of the shares of the company , said that they do not expect the civil aircraft market to recover quickly , but hope that the company will maintain the current level of delivery of aircraft by 2005 .
( international ) china 's zhejiang song and dance theatre ends spring festival greetings to overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in portugal
xinhua news agency , bonn , january 15 ( reporter zhao xiaozhong ) - china 's zhejiang province dance troupe ended its spring festival greetings to the overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in portugal on the 15 th , leaving the northern portuguese city of porto for spain .
on the evening of the 13th and the evening of the 14 th , china 's zhejiang provincial song and dance theatre held two spring festival greetings performances for overseas chinese and ethnic chinese living in portugal in lisbon , the capital of portugal , and the second largest city of the city , respectively . the performers ' brilliant song and dance , musical instruments , and magic performances were warmly welcomed and constantly applauded .
the overseas chinese and ethnic chinese living in portugal are mostly people in zhejiang . they are extremely happy to see the performance of their relatives in their hometown on the eve of the spring festival . some chinese families of several generations have come to watch the performance , and they have praised the performance of the artists for bringing the feelings of their hometown and the concern of the motherland .
the zhejiang provincial song and dance theatre , at the invitation of some major chinese organizations in portugal , has come to celebrate the spring festival with overseas chinese , and their performances have pushed the atmosphere of overseas chinese and ethnic chinese living in portugal celebrating the spring festival of the year of the monkey to a climax .
some overseas chinese said that the motherland is a strong backing for the development of overseas chinese , and the vast number of overseas chinese will further strengthen economic , trade , and cultural exchanges with the motherland and make greater contributions to the early realization of the prosperity and peaceful reunification of the motherland .
( international ) us starfish moves toward paris , " the capital of coffee shop "
xinhua news agency , paris , january 15 , the us coffee chain , starchet , on the 15 th , opened its first store in paris , the french capital of the world coffee shop , which is known as " the capital of the world coffee shop , " and is determined to open at least 10 chain stores in france within this year .
speaking at the opening ceremony of the new store at the paris coffee shop , the executive president of the company , schulz , said that he did not dare to use the door to teach the french people how to drink coffee , nor did he have the intention to steal business with the french coffee shop , and the company only wanted to introduce its own understanding of coffee culture to the french people .
the paris opera house is a lot of foreign white - collar and tourists , so the site is the first choice .
in addition , it will also open two coffee shops in the area where cultural people are concentrated in paris , and in the area where transnational corporations are concentrated .
the us food and beverage culture has always been excluded in france .
however , mcdonald 's and kenya 's chickens have been successful in france , and they have become popular foods with arab food , japanese food , and chinese food .
starrov 's headquarters in seattle , the united states , has more than 700 chain stores in more than 30 countries .
viewed from the outside of the shop , it gives people the feeling of a fast food shop like mcdonald 's , not an european coffee shop .
in france , it will also use paper and porcelain to serve its customers .
airbus to deliver 30 more civilian aircraft to china this year
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 16 ( reporter zhang yi ) the new president of airbus china , boon , announced in beijing on the 16 th that in 2003 , air passengers delivered 36 civilian aircraft to mainland china , hong kong and macao , and it is estimated that the number of aircraft delivered this year will be the same or slightly higher as last year .
mr. boon said that in 2003 , the total number of aircraft delivered by air passengers was 305 , accounting for 52 percent of the world 's 100 or more civilian aircraft markets , and the number of orders approved was 254 , accounting for 52 percent of the world 's market share , and the number one civilian aircraft manufacturer was the world 's largest .
mr. boon believes that 2004 is still a relatively difficult year for the global aviation market , but china 's development exceeds that of other countries in the world .
china is a very important strategic market for airbus , and china 's market will account for an increasing share of the global market for empty passengers .
china introduced its first air passenger plane in 1985 .
the number of aircraft in active service in mainland china , hong kong , and macao has increased from 29 in early 1995 to more than 220 at present , accounting for about 30 percent of china 's civilian aircraft in active service .
a cross - provincial robbery and murder gang tried in anhui
xinhua news agency , hefei , january 17 ( wu yongquan ) a few days ago , the huangshan city intermediate people 's court in anhui province officially opened a trial on the robbery and murder case of zhang haihai gang , and the criminal gang of zhang haihai , which was under the supervision of the ministry of public security , was wiped out .
according to the huangshan city police , there are seven backbone members of the criminal gang , including zhang haihai , and two of them are sisters of zhang haihai , and all of them are jiangxi people .
since 1993 , the gang has committed crimes in a dozen or so prefectures and cities in the provinces of huangshan , anqing , jiangxi 's fushun , jingdezhen , and zhejiang . in the past 10 years , there were seven cases of murder in which six innocent people were killed , and two of them were killed by zhang haihai 's mistresses .
on june 11 , 2002 , zhang haihai and others killed a person on duty , hu , at a tobacco monopoly shop in the luxi district of huangshan city , and robbed him of 30,000 yuan worth of cigarettes , and on january 12 , 2003 , zhang haihai and others killed a person on duty at a cooling accessories shop in the city , and robbed him of a paint line worth tens of thousands of yuan .
the two cases have attracted the attention of the public security organs in huangshan city , and the ministry of public security has placed the gang under the supervision of the case .
on 18 january 2003 , the huangshan city police arrested the principal criminal suspect zhang haihai and his wife yu in jingdezhen . after that , cao runxiang , zhang guoxin , chen quan , wu changlian , and other criminal suspects were also brought to justice .
zhang haihai has been in jail for 23 years , and other criminals are his relatives , prison friends , and lovers .
( international ) two black boxes of red sea crash aircraft found
xinhua news agency , cairo , january 17 , a joint search and rescue team from egypt and france found the second black box on the plane in the bottom of the sea on the 16 th after the first black box of the passenger plane that crashed in the red sea .
the head of the egyptian search and rescue team , khamenei , said that the french diving robot " sky scorpion " is recovering the second black box that recorded the sound of the plane 's cabin , and it is expected that it will be able to salvage the water on the morning of 18 march local time .
the two black boxes were found more than 100 meters below the sea level , about 30 meters between them .
the person in charge of the egyptian accident investigation commission said that the first black box recorded various technical data before the plane crash , and the black box will be " declassified and analyzed " by a laboratory of the egyptian civil aviation department .
although the black box appears to have been seriously damaged , jalda claimed that he was " in good condition . "
the two so - called black boxes on the plane are in fact light yellow .
according to the design , they will be able to send a 30 - day signal to the bottom of the 6,000 - meter deep sea to enable the search and rescue personnel to determine their position and carry out the salvage .
the passenger plane that crashed in the red sea area belongs to egypt 's private vash airlines .
the boeing 737 passenger plane crashed into the red sea shortly after taking off from sharm el sheikh , egypt , on the 3 rd of this month , killing 148 people , including 134 french , one morrison , and 13 egyptian crew members .
experts from egypt and france believe that the air crash originated from technical failures , not terrorist attacks or explosions , and the discovery of two black boxes on board will help expose the mystery .
china has made a breakthrough in preserving and replanting its broken fingers
xinhua news agency , jinan , january 18 ( reporter su wanming ) the cut fingers that have been successfully preserved in the -@ 196 degrees celsius nitrogen have been replanted after the operation .
a few days ago , chinese scholars announced a major breakthrough in the technique of preserving and replanting the cut fingers .
a few days ago , the hospital of the shandong provincial hospital once again successfully carried out the operation of a broken finger ( which has been preserved for five days in the -@ 196 degrees celsius liquid nitrogen ) . this is the second time that the hospital has successfully carried out the operation last year ( which has been preserved for 81 days in the liquid nitrogen of 196 degrees celsius ) .
the new consultation report on the medical and health science and technology project of the ministry of health confirmed that so far , only two cases have been successfully carried out in the world .
wang zengtao , director of the hand surgery department of the shandong provincial hospital , announced : " after a large number of animal experiments and research and the clinical application of the two cases , we have initially mastered the technique of cutting the finger and preserving the temperature . "
wang zengtao said that compared with the organs of heart , kidney , and so on , the composition and structure of fingers are more complicated , including many organizations such as blood vessels , nerve , muscle , skin , bones , key links , and tenacity , and is a kind of compound organization .
a series of complicated links , such as the preparation of cold storage liquid , the procedures for the freezing of organs , the restoration of temperature , the replanting of crops , and the prevention and treatment of the damage caused by the use of the technology , are involved .
the mastery of this technology has provided an important reference for the long - term preservation and successful revival of other human organs .
( international ) greek foreign minister proposes simultaneous reduction of military spending by greece and turkey
xinhua news agency , athens , january 17 ( reporter wen xinnian ) - greek foreign minister and chairman of the ruling pan - greek socialist movement , papandreou , on the 17 th called on greece and turkey to gradually reduce military spending on a pro - rata basis .
he said that if the pan - greek social movement wins the general election on march 7 , he would take this policy as an important diplomatic goal of the government .
speaking at a mass rally prior to his election campaign in the northeastern part of greece , papandreou said the relationship between greece and turkey has improved significantly in recent years and has entered a new historical period .
he said : although not all problems have been resolved , new conditions have been created and the road of negotiations has been established .
he believes that 2004 will be a year of decisive significance to the formulation of a regional peace and security policy .
both greece and turkey are nato members , but there are conflicts of interests and contradictions between the two sides on the demarcation of the aegean sea territorial waters , territorial airspace , and the continental shelf on the islands and the cyprus issue , and this has also affected the normalization of relations between the two countries .
in recent years , greece has pursued a policy of improving relations with turkey and has no longer blocked turkey from joining the european union , and the relations between the two countries have greatly improved .
( international ) china and albania sign agreement on economic and technological cooperation
xinhua news agency , tirana , january 19 ( reporter wang hongqi and chen feng ) the economic and technological cooperation agreement between the chinese government and the albanian government was signed in tirana on the 19 th , and the chinese ambassador to albania tian changchun and the vice foreign minister of the argentine foreign ministry , the agreement was signed on behalf of the governments of the two countries .
according to the agreement , china will provide albania with a free aid worth 15 million yuan , which will be used for economic and technological cooperation projects agreed by the governments of the two countries or for the chinese side to provide general materials to the albanian side .
after the signing ceremony , hadaah thanked the chinese government for providing free aid and congratulated the chinese people on the spring festival .
he said : the signing of this agreement shows the friendship between argentina and china and the close cooperation between the two countries in various fields .
in the future , the friendly and cooperative relations established on the basis of mutual trust between the two countries will be further strengthened .
tian changchun said : china provides free aid to albania to express the friendly feelings of the chinese government and people toward the albanian government and people , as well as the traditional friendship and cooperation between the two countries .
( international ) us troops in iraq kill three non - iraqi arabs
xinhua news agency , baghdad , january 19 ( reporter li jizhi and nie xiaoyang ) the iraqi police revealed on the 19 th that the us troops in iraq killed two yees and one syrian in a weapons search operation in the southern suburbs of baghdad on the same day .
the police said that the us military discovered these three people in a search for the " hiding terrorist base " and killed three people while the other side refused to surrender .
the us military then searched the house and seized some rifles , grenades , and explosives .
the us military also arrested a yemen woman at the scene .
us and iraqi officials believe that some foreign religious extremists are entering iraq through the border of relaxation of defense and are colluding with the anti - us forces in iraq to launch terrorist attacks on the coalition occupation authorities and pro - us iraqi people .
on the 18 th , a suicide bomber blew up a powerful car bomb at the entrance of the coalition headquarters in central baghdad , killing 24 people , injuring more than 100 people , and most of the victims were iraqis .
( international ) silicon valley unemployment rate falls , forecasts recovery of us high - tech industry
xinhua news agency , los angeles , january 19 ( reporter yan liang ) an influential economic development research institute in the silicon valley in the united states recently published a report saying that the unemployment rate in silicon valley is declining rapidly .
this is a clear signal that high - tech industries in the region have begun to recover .
in its annual report " silicon valley 2004 economic index , " the non - profit - making organization " joint venture silicon valley " said that the unemployment rate in the silicon valley between the second quarter of 2002 and the second quarter of 2003 decreased from 10% in the previous year to 5% .
the report said that with the gradual recovery of high - tech industries , the unemployment rate will continue to decline .
the challenge facing the economic development of silicon valley at present is the need for a large number of well - trained high - tech workers to fill new jobs in the future .
the report said that among the various high - tech industries in silicon valley , the unemployment rate of the biotechnology industry is the lowest , and the recovery momentum is also the most obvious , and the number of risk investment in the silicon valley 's biotechnology industry in 2003 is the same as that of the computer software industry for the first time .
the report said the biotechnology industry will play an increasingly important role in the economic development of silicon valley .
the report also showed that the average salary of employees in silicon valley dropped for the third consecutive year from the second quarter of 2002 to the second quarter of 2003 , but the decline has dropped from 6 percent in the previous year to 1.5 percent .
silicon valley is still a rich region in the united states , with an average annual salary of 624,000 us dollars , 60 percent higher than the national average .
however , the consumption level in this region is 47 percent higher than that of the whole country .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) chief executive of the hong kong special administrative region tung chee - hwa delivers spring festival message
xinhua news agency , hong kong , january 21 , " the sky is thriving and the land is turning into a new opportunity . "
on the eve of the lunar new year , tung chee - hwa , chief executive of the hong kong special administrative region , and his wife tung chee - hwa delivered a congratulatory message through television , radio , and the internet , wishing hong kong and the broad masses of hong kong people a success in the new year .
tung chee - hwa said that this year 's spring festival is of special significance to the people of hong kong , and also has a particularly joyful atmosphere .
after many years of difficulties , hong kong 's economy has picked up , the unemployment rate has dropped , deflation has eased , the property market has stabilized , and the most close economic partnership arrangement with the mainland has begun to take effect , and with the large influx of tourists and the booming consumption of the market , people are very comfortable .
tung chee - hwa said : " what is even more gratifying is that our efforts over the years have laid a good foundation for further promoting hong kong 's economic restructuring and development . "
he expressed the hope that everyone will have a smooth new year .
tung chee - hwa said that the hong kong community has reached a consensus on the new way forward , and what we are facing is one new opportunity after another .
the new year is the year of the monkey .
the " monkeys " are intelligent and full of vigor .
as long as the government and the people of hong kong continue to work hard , and with the strong support of the central government , hong kong will certainly be able to operate in the world , and will not be able to do so .
( international ) arab league secretary general calls on the united states not to impose " democracy " on the middle east
xinhua news agency , geneva , january 21 , secretary general moussa of the arab league ( arab league ) urged the united states on the 21 st to discuss democracy with arab countries and not to impose democracy on the middle east region .
in an interview with reporters during the annual meeting of the world economic forum held in davos , switzerland , moussa said : " if they ( americans ) want to realize democracy in the middle east , they will be best to honor their commitments and first realize democracy in iraq . "
he said : the arab league is the best partner in discussing with the united states the democratic reform in the middle east region .
" as long as you put forward your views and are willing to listen to our views , everything can be discussed .
we do not oppose democracy , but democracy is not an immediate action or order . "
moussa pointed out that the us government has not yet made people believe that the occupation of iraq will bring " democracy " to this country .
" they said that they went to iraq to show us a model of democracy that we follow .
so far , however , we have not seen anything . "
china 's tourism revenue expected to reach 487.4 billion yuan in 2003
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 22 ( reporter sun yubo ) the total international and domestic income of china 's tourism industry is estimated to be 487.4 billion yuan in 2003 , a decrease of 12.4 percent from the previous year , but the performance is better than expected .
according to statistics released by the state tourism administration , the number of tourists coming to hong kong in 2003 was 91 million , of which 113 million were foreigners , 32.7 million were overnight tourists , and the foreign exchange income was 17.3 billion us dollars .
the number of domestic tourists was 870 million , and the domestic tourism income was 344.2 billion yuan , a decrease of 0.9 percent and 11.2 percent respectively over the previous year .
a relevant person in charge of the national tourism administration said that in 2004 , the entire tourism industry will strive for the full recovery of the inbound tourism market , continue to promote the prosperity and development of the domestic tourism market , and carry out in - depth rectification of the tourist market order .
at the same time , it is necessary to do a good job in the theme of the " people 's daily life tour , " focusing on the theme of " people 's daily life tours , " and concentrating on planning and introducing a number of new tourism products that reflect the lives of the chinese people .
( international ) economists predict us dollar devaluation as the biggest winner
xinhua news agency , davos , switzerland , january 23 ( reporter li jie and ding xigang ) the 34 th annual meeting of the world economic forum , which is being held in davos , switzerland , held a special discussion on the issue of the trend of us dollar devaluation on the 23 rd . some experts predict that the united states will be the biggest winner in the continuous decline of the us dollar exchange rate .
most economists attending the meeting held that us officials , including us treasury secretary john snow , seem to have abandoned the " strong us dollar policy " pursued in recent years .
the us dollar 's low exchange rate will provide greater space for economic development and more job opportunities for the united states , which is very obvious in the manufacturing industry .
at the same time , the devaluation of the us dollar has made us products more competitive in the domestic and foreign markets , which will help the united states fill its trade deficit .
however , experts believe that a weak dollar will also have an adverse impact on the united states .
first , the us stock market may continue to be sluggish , the value of all kinds of investment will drop , and foreign investors will withdraw their funds because of the further decline of the us dollar , and second , the increasing value of imports will eventually lead to a decline in the living standards of the americans , and third , the sharp devaluation of the us dollar may also lead to trade and financial turbulence .
however , the devaluation of the us dollar has dealt a more serious blow to europe , japan , and canada .
the european economy is facing the danger of a full - scale recession following a drop in the u.s. dollar .
china to speed up the development of electronic products in automobile , medical , and other application fields
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 26 ( reporter feng xiaofang ) china will speed up the development of various types of applied electronic products , such as automobile electronics , machine tool electronics , communications electronics , and medical electronics , so as to expand the space for the development of the electronic information industry and meet the needs of various industries .
a relevant responsible person of the ministry of information industry said that in the promotion and application of information technology , the transformation and upgrading of traditional enterprises is one of the focal points .
promoting the application of information technology in various industries and industries and raising the market share of domestic products and equipment is not only a need for transforming and upgrading traditional industries , but also a rare opportunity for the development of the electronics and information industry .
it has been learned that while expanding the space for the development of the electronic information industry and meeting the needs of various industries , it is also necessary to support the establishment of a public technological service capacity system , support the research and development companies with actual strength , and provide technical support and support for the application of information technology in key industries through providing technical standards and testing environment .
at the same time , it is necessary to develop technical services , management consultation , and system integration , support a number of service enterprises , such as system - based enterprises , application service providers , and so on , and promote the development of new - type information service industries .
( international ) japanese imports and exports both reach record high in 2003
xinhua news agency , tokyo , january 26 ( reporter le shaoyan ) according to statistics released by the japanese finance ministry on the 26 th , japan 's import and export trade volume in 2003 reached a record high , and the trade surplus again broke through 10 trillion yen in three years .
in terms of exports , japan 's exports to the united states dropped 9.8 percent from the previous year , but exports to asia increased by 12.9 percent .
this not only made up for the decrease in japan 's exports to the united states , but also enabled japan 's total exports to increase by 4.7 percent over the previous year , reaching a record high of 54.589 trillion yen .
with regard to imports , japan 's total imports in 2003 increased by 5 percent over the previous year , reaching a record high of 44.3202 trillion yen , due to the increase in energy demand , such as oil and natural gas , and the rise in prices .
in 2003 , japan 's trade surplus was 10.2378 trillion yen , up 3.6 percent from the previous year , and broke through the 10 trillion yen mark again in three years .
the number of private enterprises in guangdong exceeds the number of state - owned and holding enterprises for the first time
xinhua news agency , guangzhou , january 26 ( chen ji and hu yanni ) according to information from the guangdong provincial administration of industry and commerce , the number of private enterprises in guangdong exceeded the number of state - owned and holding enterprises for the first time in 2003 , and domestic - funded enterprises have been effectively readjusted .
according to statistics , by the end of 2003 , there were 690,000 enterprises ( including domestic , private , and foreign - invested enterprises ) in the whole province , an increase of 0.59 percent over the end of last year .
among them , 3.16 million were domestic - funded enterprises , down 16.4 percent from the end of last year , with registered capital of 119.02 billion yuan , up 0.9 percent , while private enterprises increased by 24.9 percent and 33.8 percent , respectively , and foreign - funded enterprises increased by 3.6 percent and 4.1 percent , respectively .
for the first time , the number of privately - run enterprises has exceeded the number of state - owned and holding enterprises .
in the course of structural readjustment , the number of state - owned enterprises and their holding enterprises has decreased , but their strength has gradually increased , with the average registered capital ( gold ) reaching 3.76 million yuan , an increase of 20 percentage points over the end of 2002 .
according to statistics , in 2003 , the total number of newly registered enterprises of various types in the province was 105,000 , showing a situation of one drop and two rises .
among them , 17,000 domestic - funded enterprises , down 17.6 percent from the same period of last year , and 8,160 private enterprises and 6,561 foreign - invested enterprises , up 29 percent and 0.08 percent respectively .
the proportion of the number of domestic , private , and foreign - invested enterprises in the total number of newly registered enterprises is 16 : 78 : 6 .
( international ) the wto has submitted the " bird subsidies " dispute to arbitration for settlement
xinhua news agency , geneva , january 26 ( reporter li jie ) the world trade organization ( wto ) announced on the 26th that the eu and seven other wto members ' appeals for sanctions against the united states on " bird subsidies " have been submitted to the arbitration organization for adjudication .
this appeal of sanctions originated from the failure of the united states to abolish the " bird amendment " within the time limit set by the wto .
the " bird amendment " passed by the us congress in 2000 demanded that the us government give direct subsidies to us companies that have suffered losses in the antidumping and antisubsidy cases , instead of paying them to the us treasury department .
this move of the united states has met with opposition from major trade partners , including the european union and japan .
the wto finally concluded in january 2003 that the amendment was in violation of the global trade rules and demanded that the united states abolish it before december 27 , 2003 .
however , the united states did not enforce the wto decision .
for this reason , the european union , japan , canada , brazil , india , south korea , mexico , and chile recently applied to the wto for approval to levy additional tariffs equivalent to the amount of us government subsidies on some products from the united states .
however , the united states subsequently questioned the extent of the sanctions and the legality of the complaint .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) retail business in hong kong increases by 10% during the spring festival
xinhua news agency , hong kong , january 28 - the hong kong retail management association disclosed that during the lunar new year , retail sales in hong kong were ideal , and the industry reported that the average business volume increased by 10% , and individual shopping malls increased by 20% or 30% .
yu peng - chun , chairman of the hong kong retail management association , said a few days ago that the individual visit of mainland tourists to hong kong has brought about an atmosphere of consumption in hong kong . during the spring festival this year , the sales situation of hong kong 's retail industry has been good . some industries , such as jewellery and clothing , have increased by two to 30 percent , and the consumption of mainland tourists accounts for about 10 percent of the total business volume .
he said that the use of renminbi cards by mainland visitors in hong kong has significantly stimulated the spring festival market , with an average of 3,000 yuan each signed , and the consumption of individual mainland visitors reaching 10,000 yuan .
last year , hong kong was affected by sars , with total retail sales declining by 4% .
mr yu estimated that with the recovery of the economy , hong kong 's total retail sales would have a double - digit growth this year , but the price of goods would also be subject to upward pressure due to higher costs .
he believed that hong kong 's deflation would improve this year .
( international ) denmark introduces new bill to restrict immigration
xinhua news agency , stockholm , january 28 , the danish government today submitted a new bill to the parliament to restrict immigration .
under the bill , children born in denmark will no longer have the right to automatically obtain the danish nationality .
the bill is the latest move taken by danish freedom party leader rasmussen since he assumed the post of prime minister in november 2001 .
it is reported that the bill is likely to be passed by the parliament because the freedom party has won the support of the right - wing danish people 's party on the issue of immigration .
the bill requires the children of foreigners born in denmark to apply for nationality , but not to automatically obtain nationality , as those of other immigrants .
those who have acquired nationality will be deprived of their nationality if they have committed criminal crimes that pose serious harm to society .
in the past two years , the danish government has adopted a series of measures to restrict immigration , including restricting the issuance of long - term residence permits and restricting the entry of families into denmark .
the number of foreign victims in denmark dropped from 14,347 in 1993 to 3,500 in 2003 because of the danish government 's unwelcome attitude towards immigrants .
denmark 's freedom and the image of a human rights country have always been damaged .
singapore 's achievements cannot be regarded as a matter of course .
even if science and technology are developed , i do not believe that people can maintain an ideal environment of higher living standards and quality , the employment of the whole people , and the continuous increase in salaries without making efforts , maintaining social discipline , and adapting to changes .
these beautiful things can not be obtained naturally .
only when the whole people understand that they must attach importance to the interests of the community , make difficult compromise , and make necessary adjustments can they have a better future .
what will singapore do in a decade or so ?
we all hope to see the future , but it is hard to predict the future .
many factors are not under singapore 's control .
the development of many things depends on the development of the world situation .
we do n't know when there will be a problem , and many times this involves gas transportation .
for example , it is impossible to predict that three singapore people travel to hong kong , resulting in the infection of the saras virus .
in less than a month after the spring festival , three extraordinarily serious safety incidents have occurred in china , and dozens of people have died every time .
it is a pity that the accident occurred so frequently and the loss of life was so serious .
in the past few months , several incidents of pouring oil from the natural gas pipeline in chongqing , gas explosions in several coal mines , and frequent fatal traffic accidents have caused hundreds of deaths .
china has a vast territory , a dense population , and a greater probability of disasters than any other country , and it will lead to the death of dozens of people , even hundreds of people , and this is a reality that there is no alternative in objective conditions .
however , judging from the common sense , china 's fatal accidents are still too frequent .
among the many disasters , there were many fires , coal mine explosions , explosions at firecrackers factories , and passenger traffic accidents .
this shows at least two problems : one is that the safety measures in these areas are the most weak , and the other is that people have not drawn lessons from past tragedies , thus causing similar accidents to happen again and again .
at a time when singapore 's economy was growing at a high speed in the past , there were also serious fires , and the painful memory of the fire is still deep , but it has quickly raised singapore 's awareness of safety and prevention in public places .
at present , china is also in a very crucial period of rapid economic growth and great social transformation .
the number of accidents involving foreign domestic helpers who fell to work in hong kong has been heard from time to time , even though the figure is not high enough , the number of accidents in which the number of such accidents is far from meeting the work nature of the small number of casualties .
according to information , between january 1999 and june 2003 , a total of 99 female domestic helpers of various nationalities were killed in the accident .
behind these figures are the broken families that cannot wait for their daughter and mother to return home , and the misfortune that we should avoid one after another , and at the same time , we must do our best to reduce the number of regret to the minimum .
according to a recent statement issued by the indonesian embassy , 96 indonesian domestic helpers have been killed in singapore since 1999 , and some of them were killed when they were working in high - rise buildings .
in view of the accident , the indonesian government has expressed its dissatisfaction from time to time , and has formulated new regulations on many occasions to more strictly control the quality of local indonesian domestic helpers , but the problem has not been resolved , and the bilateral relationship between the two countries is bound to be disturbed by the problem of female domestic helpers .
what is deeply puzzling is that compared with the number of casualties in the construction sites , the number of female workers who fell to the building by accident is even higher , which makes people think deeply , and it is more necessary to study the background and cause of the accident .
chen kung - li , a well - known expert on the taiwan issue on the mainland of china , recently published a new book entitled " observe taiwan . "
most of the articles in the book were written after the first change of political parties in taiwan in march 2000 . as of the time when chen shui - bian put forward the theory of " one country on each side of the strait , " it was the author 's observation and consideration of taiwan 's internal situation and cross - strait relations during the period of " judging him by his deeds , not just by his words . "
the article , which was written two years ago , was published two years later . this shows that the mainland 's examination of taiwan - related studies is very complicated and the process is long , and it is even more evident that the " observation of taiwan " has not come easily .
for a long time , while observing and studying the taiwan issue , chen kung - li has always sought truth , pragmatism , and seeking truth from facts , and has not been restricted by any subjective political framework , and has worked hard to explore the penetrating insight of zhuo er .
after reading this book , this characteristic gives people a more profound impression .
after the early 1980 's , the study of the taiwan issue became the " obvious study " of the mainland . various research institutions have emerged one after another , and various kinds of scholars and experts have also displayed their talents .
overseas , people generally divide the mainland 's taiwan research institutions into the northern and southern factions .
the position of the north faction is relatively close to the government , and its remarks are relatively tough , and in some specific historical stages or major political developments , it has shown a more aggressive hawkish color .
taiwan research institutes in the south are generally distributed in areas south of the chang jiang , including shanghai and fujian .
the " academic qualifications " of japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi , who " has studied in london for two years , " have been exposed by japanese media as a matter of fact .
japan 's " post weekly " confirmed to the university of london that koizumi had only attended a few classes in britain for nine months and had not received any degree .
large and small media in china have vied with one another to report or download this scandal so that the broad masses of compatriots can enjoy popular support .
indeed , the prime minister of a country has gone so far as to fabricated false academic qualifications and deceive the people of the country .
in particular , japan , which is a " imperialist " country , is even more shameful .
however , if we can change the angle , perhaps we can see some positive significance from this scandal .
moreover , these positive things are precisely what we lack , and we need to improve .
in recent years , we have always advocated " honesty , " " building a sunshine government , " respecting the public 's " right to know , " and enhancing the " transparency " of administration . however , there is still a great gap between facts and ideals .
if you think about it , the diploma of a country 's prime minister is not that big , but it can be exposed by the media , and it is being pursued and fiercely attacked .
what else can a country like this not be " sunshine " ?
all major camps in taiwan will use tourist buses to send the masses to the meeting hall , but the recent situation is that the evening party of chen shui - bian and annette lu is obviously much lighter than that of lien chan and james soong .
not long ago , when taiwan president chen shui - bian [ chen shuibian ] went to a certain place in the northern part of the country to make a fuss about the situation , he said that half of the people in taiwan did not give the face to him . as a result , there were many relatives and friends of the local people who had invested in the mainland , and the three links were delayed again and again .
if there is no accident , it should be assumed that chen shui - bian - lu will be defeated when the presidential election enters the countdown , from the polls to the underground , and so on .
the fact that chen shui - bian , who has won a big position under lee teng - hui 's creation , has proved that he has not been able to effectively win the support of the people in the past four years . on the contrary , he has enabled the green camp to play the role and performances of all kinds of black money and low - taste , and has been constantly exposing to the public and weakening the confidence of the supporters .
in the face of the pan - blue forces that may be reruling , how should beijing look at it ?
first of all , it should be understood that the pan - blue army , which is likely to take power again , is no longer a pure one - party dominance of the kmt , but is the unity of the blue army , and the question of whether or not the internal tradition and the localization faction will merge .
close cooperation during the election period cannot be regarded as an inevitable relationship in the future .
if there is hope of winning the election , it is bound to take a considerable period of time to carry out internal integration , and the election of the legislative yuan at the end of the year will also make it very difficult for the lien - soong regime to make too important changes in cross - strait relations .
unless it can realize that the improvement of cross - strait relations can add to taiwan 's internal politics and that it is certain that it will be able to make achievements within a short period of time , and the most important thing is to let the people feel this achievement .
based on this background , beijing should temporarily postpone the action of promoting reunification and give lien chan and james soong , the leaders of the " traditional blue camp , " time to consolidate the internal situation .
more than half a century has passed since the united states carried out the first nuclear explosion in new mexico in july 1945 and dropped two atomic bombs on japan in august of the same year .
although the arms race between the two superpower of the united states and the soviet union has caused the accumulation of nuclear weapons to the extent that they are sufficient to destroy the whole world , both sides have realized the danger of a nuclear war and avoided pushing the button of nuclear war .
after the breakup of the soviet union and the entry of the world into the post - cold war era , the danger of a large - scale nuclear war has been basically eliminated .
at the same time , however , the danger of nuclear proliferation has increased rather than reduced .
this phenomenon of proliferation is manifested in two aspects .
first , some middle - level countries with considerable resources and strength , out of the purpose of regional hegemony , confrontation with neighboring countries , safeguarding security , or pursuing blackmail and diplomacy , are striving to produce and possess nuclear weapons through various means .
the other is that some non - state mass organizations , especially the islamic extremist forces with strong hatred for the western world , are also trying by every possible means to seek small nuclear weapons , and they do not hesitate to harm a large number of innocent people and carry out bloody terrorist activities against the west .
under this demand , the intermediaries engaged in the transfer and sale of nuclear weapons and related technology and the " nuclear black market " have come into being . moreover , the scale of nuclear weapons has been expanding with each passing day and has become an important part of the world 's nuclear proliferation at present .
as a descendant of the chinese people in the hangzhou jiahu area , the image of the rural areas south of the yangtze river and the life of the peasants in the old days are still in my memory .
when he returned to his hometown after the new year , he found that in the field of the shanghai - hangzhou expressway , which was full of green land , there were three - story buildings built by the peasants , but very few people were working on the ground .
this is really surprising to me , and it is hard to believe that such a great change will take place in the poe people , who are still very much in love in a foreign country .
however , recently , some reports on the situation in china 's rural areas and the on - the - spot investigation reports by scholars and scholars on the internet cannot help but feel greatly surprised and shocked .
it is not imagined that there are still such an unimaginable dark side in china 's rural areas , and the chinese peasants are still living a life of humiliation and difficulty .
after their on - the - spot interviews in the rural areas of anhui , henan , and hebei , chen guidi and his wife published a long report on " china 's rural investigation , " and asked for the peasants ' lives , which shocked the chinese society .
they have drawn the following conclusion from the large number of facts that the peasants were bullied by corrupt officials and even killed by innocent people : " when we approached the chinese peasants , we felt unprecedented shock and hidden pain . we have seen the poverty that you could not imagine , the crime that you could not imagine , and the failure to imagine , the resistance that we could not imagine , the silence that we could not imagine , and the sorrow that we could not imagine . "
this is really something that makes people soaked with blood .
unexpectedly , malaysian prime minister hamid albar announced the dissolution of the parliament monday , and a new general election will be held in the near future .
the election will be an event of great significance in his political career , and the result of the election will also be of symbolic significance to the political situation in malaysia and its development trend .
it has been only four months since he took over the leadership from mahathir in november last year .
in spite of this , he still decided to dissolve the parliament and hold a general election ahead of schedule .
this has at least two implications : first , agela is satisfied with his administrative performance in the past four months , and is full of confidence in the voters ' intention to vote , and second , he hopes to consolidate his power base through this means so that he can get out of the shadow of mahathir .
there is no doubt that the decision made by alpha to hold a flash - type election reflects that he has made a comprehensive assessment of the domestic political situation .
macedonia 's current economic situation is good , and there is no question of being exploited and used by the opposition parties .
in addition , since the beginning of his term of office , he has adopted a number of relatively high - visibility measures in the fight against corruption , including the arrest and prosecution of the former minister of land and cooperative development , and so on , which have won a certain degree of praise , and has also made the public optimistic about the future anti - corruption action .
at the same time , he called for improving the efficiency of civil service , which is also an encouraging move .
since its birth , the growth and formation of the european union has been strongly affected by france 's politics and culture .
in the diplomatic field , it is necessary to strive for independence and independence , and the attitude and method of handling world affairs are different from that of the united states . this is the direction of the eu 's foreign policy , and we can clearly see the shadow of france .
it is precisely for this reason that the international community , including china , russia , and arab countries , hopes to see the rise of the eu and see a completely independent force in international exchanges .
it must be acknowledged that since the end of the 1980 s , the eu has indeed made diplomatic efforts in this direction .
in december 1992 , the heads of state of the eu countries unanimously agreed at the madrid summit that all member states will implement a unified foreign policy so that they can speak in the same language .
however , two years later , when handling the issue of bosnia - herzegovina , the so - called " unified foreign policy " was completely defeated for the first time .
it can be said that the 10 - year - long eu diplomacy , from the madrid summit to today , is not worth mentioning .
in particular , the eu 's foreign policy cannot withstand the test of major events .
the different positions adopted by the member states in the us - iraq war have not only proved this point , but have also fully exposed the fatal political defects of the eu , that is , it is very easy for the eu to be separated by other big powers and to be destroyed by each other .
on 24 february , president bush announced at the white house that he would support the constitutional amendment banning the marriage of the same sex .
this is a marked change in his ambiguous attitude on this issue over the past few months and represents an important development of us politics in an election year .
the constitutional amendment , which prohibits the marriage of the same sex , is a very powerful political weapon in the southern part of the republican party , but it also plays a very great negative role in the united states , that is , in the whole country , this is a major cultural dispute of splitting public opinion , which will undoubtedly intensify the political polarization of the united states and further separate the east and west sides of the strait led by the liberal .
as far as bush himself , who repeatedly declared that he was a " member of the communist youth league " and not a " separatist , " was concerned , his words and deeds were obviously different .
in addition , the position of the younger generation in the united states on the issue of homosexuality has become increasingly open , and although bush 's move has short - term results , it will harm the long - term interests of the republican party .
bush 's new " constitutional amendment " offensive can be called the " jiaozuo strategy " of this year 's presidential election .
bush has adopted this strategy because he has become increasingly weak on the two important topics of " anti - terrorism " war and economic - employment , and has to open up a new battlefield on the religious and cultural issues of splitting the public opinion at home .
so far , the united states has remained cautious .
in other words , since maintaining the status quo in the taiwan strait can satisfy the united states ' long - term strategic goal of containing the mainland , the united states should avoid political and military conflicts with china because it encourages taiwan independence .
it can be imagined that it is impossible for the united states to completely eliminate the space for holding a referendum in taiwan in accordance with beijing 's demands , but out of consideration for its own interests , it will also take some early warning actions .
recently , us secretary of state powell took the initiative to reiterate the established policy toward taiwan and made clear the us stand of opposing taiwan independence .
this kind of attitude has been interpreted by the outside world as aimed at containing and preventing chen shui - bian from being possessed by the devil .
the recent remarks made by some us think tank figures with official background and the fact that the united states will send a large number of spy ships to the taiwan strait in the near future to detect cross - strait military movements have indirectly proved that the united states is very concerned about the situation in the taiwan strait .
from another angle , it shows that although the united states will not completely stop taiwan from holding a referendum in accordance with beijing 's demand , it is also worried about the uncertainty of the situation in the taiwan strait during this period .
in the end , any large - scale and one - to - one election can only produce one result , either chen shui - bian is lucky enough to win a second term , or lien chan is returning to taiwan 's presidential palace .
what is worrying is that under the condition of asymmetrical information dissemination , people of all walks of life on the mainland do not seem to be mentally prepared for chen shui - bian 's possible victory .
if the result of the election is not what it wishes , then beijing will once again fall into an unnecessary passive position .
an arab ancient saying goes : " a day of chaos is even more terrible than the 1,000 - year - old government . "
is this what the northeast asian countries are worried about now ?
i think the answer is probably certain .
a well - known research and development center , which is close to washington and sponsored by the us government , has explored four policy options for dealing with the north korean nuclear crisis , namely , exchanges , containment , economic sanctions , and preemptive attacks .
the focus of the survey is on the attitudes of countries in the region towards these strategies .
in addition , the survey also analyzed the threat posed by the dprk 's nuclear weapons program in light of the possibility of nuclear attack by the people of the dprk 's neighboring countries and the damage they may cause , as well as their fear .
china and russia feel that the danger of north korea 's use of nuclear weapons is low or very low , while japan and south korea believe that the threat is quite great .
all northeast asian countries agree to maintain contacts with the dprk .
japan , on the other hand , supports containment , and other countries also believe that under certain circumstances , the containment strategy is acceptable .
singapore is very concerned about the international ranking , and has paid great attention to the list of countries in europe and the united states .
we are always in the forefront , and naturally we have increased our interest in ranking .
however , the first thing is a lot of worries .
the ordinary people feel that they are afraid of losing too much attention to the ranking , and they are proud of showing their own ranking .
therefore , people say that we should live a better life , and it is better to compete with the rest of the world .
since many people have been very disrespectful to their ranking in the past , a wonderful phenomenon has emerged : it seems that people no longer regard " world number one " as good news , but are more inclined to regard it as an embarrassing thing .
however , the situation has changed again in the past one or two years .
we have doubts about the long - term competitiveness of the country , and people from all walks of life are also worried that their own rice bowl will be difficult to secure .
with this doubt , we are no longer so casual when we talk .
international competition is fierce , and too narrow and casual may cause others to catch up with each other , and first , it is easy to become a sample that is backward .
on the surface , bush is still quite polite to cheney . at the republican governor 's meeting at the end of last month , bush vowed in all sincerity and seriousness that cheney is the only vice president .
however , he also jokingly said that as in 2000 , he had appointed cheney as his vice president .
cheney , who has been hiding his capacities and keeping a low profile , has recently been frequently interviewed by the media , denying that he will be replaced .
however , he has left himself down .
he said that if he had problems with his health or felt that he had really become the president , he would have to resign because of difficulties .
cheney , 63 , has a history of four heart diseases .
recently , it has been widely rumored that the us military has in fact blocked the black hand of september 11 , and is only waiting for the opportunity to catch a turtle in a jar .
the presidential election was held on 2 november , and it was said that the pentagon had arranged a good show in october to capture okada .
however , there are many dreams at night , and in the event that orsa and ma become fish in the net , there will be endless trouble in the future .
it seems that juliard is a trump card for bush in winning more votes than insurance .
opponents in the us presidential election in 2004 have been confirmed : democratic candidate kerry challenges republican incumbent president bush .
before the general election in november , they began to carry out " warm - up activities " such as advertising and campaign debates .
they will probably be engaged in verbal and written confrontations on the three major issues of war , economy , and society .
bush believes that war is closely related to us national security , and sending troops to overthrow saddam and counter - terrorism are all aimed at ensuring us security . therefore , he has kept telling our countrymen : " we are in war . "
kerry will naturally point out that bush abused the wrong intelligence of iraq 's possession of weapons of mass destruction to launch a war against iraq .
on the economy , kerry believes that bush 's tax cut plan is beneficial to the rich and cannot create new employment opportunities .
bush called kerry , " is n't the current us economic data being promoted ? "
in terms of social issues , the relationship between men and women , bush is opposed to the marriage of the same sex , the abortion , and the death penalty , and kerry is also against the marriage of the same sex , but he is in favor of abortion and the death penalty .
how bush and kerry will give their respective views on these three major issues and convince the voters through advertisements , television , and speeches is the political show they are going to perform in the next eight months .
however , on diplomatic issues , kerry has more room to sell his skills .
according to information , most of the young people who choose to commit suicide are young people aged between 15 and 19 , but many are young people aged between 10 and 14 .
it is generally believed that academic pressure is the cause of child and youth suicide , but the study found that emotional problems , especially the problem of love between men and women , and the problem of living with parents , are the main reasons for the local young people to find their own shortcomings .
of course , the gap between academic pressure and expectations is also within the scope of communication between parents and children .
the pressure of further studies is an unavoidable burden for local students for a long time , and sometimes the pressure is given to them , and many of them are on their parents and children .
it is true that the parents demand that their children have good results and that they make a comparison with other children , and ask their children to strive for the upper reaches . however , the channel of persuasion and communication behind the pressure is the only way to measure the temperature of their children 's relations .
if the children 's performance is not ideal , their parents will make a silent criticism , or even make their children feel that they are disappointing , and no doubt they will push their children to the state of being unable to seek help .
it is understood that many young students who need to receive guidance have been forced into the blind corner by their parents ' excessively high expectations .
the success and rapid development of singapore have made parents feel that the current material conditions of children are much better than in the past , and it is inevitable that children should perform better than themselves .
normally , when parents forget that they are still children , in fact , their performance in various aspects may not be particularly outstanding .
by the age of one and a half , the overwhelming majority of children were sent to the child care center of various organs and units , and the authorities had only a symbolic charge of a little child , a week or even a month before they returned to their homes .
today , singapore is facing a social problem of a declining fertility rate and an aging population .
in order to maintain modern living standards and fashion - oriented material , the younger generation is unable to take care of themselves , and no one has the energy to respond to the government 's call for early marriage and early birth .
the author has a bold suggestion : the government should take over the new - born children .
the people of our country only take care of their own life and do not have to worry about the issue of raising children .
on the one hand , the government has set up an all - embracing kindergarten , changed primary schools into whole - day schools , and even provided three - meal services , thus providing a symbolic charge to the citizens .
this will not only solve the employment problem of the unemployed population , but also do not require the government to worry about the effectiveness of such measures as giving bonuses to babies , increasing paternity leave , improving the quality of women 's helpers , and tax rebate .
what beijing needs to do is not only to play a leading role in the six - party talks , but also to focus on china 's long - term interests on the korean peninsula , take precautions , and carry out strategic deployment as soon as possible .
specifically speaking , on the one hand , beijing wants to urge the dprk to give up its nuclear weapons , and on the other hand , starting from the transformation of the kim chong - il regime , it will take the road of modern civilization , lift the danger of a nuclear war in northeast asia , maintain the status quo on the korean peninsula , and gain the bargaining chips for long - term strategic dealings with the united states .
pyongyang appears to be tough in appearance but is weak in essence , and it is very eager to develop its economy and merge with the international community .
however , such a desire is often manifested in the external form of being strong , irrational , and sometimes even totally inconsistent with international rules .
in fact , for a period of time , beijing has used its influence and economic aid to force pyongyang to change its stand that does not conform to international rules .
however , this action still needs all - round planning .
beijing 's aid to pyongyang should not be confined to the economic level , but should also be extended to other social sectors , and should not be confined to pyongyang 's abandonment of its nuclear program , and should all the more focus on leading it to the road of modern civilization .
as soon as kerry entered the competition field , nobody was optimistic about him , and all the focus at that time was on the former governor of the state of monarchy .
however , in january , prior to the party group meeting in the state of iowa , kerry suddenly won the most crucial party meetings and primary elections in the two states , namely , the state of iwa and the state of new hampshire .
in the next state primary , kerry basically did not lose hands , and those states that lost hands were all because the state had its own candidates to run in the election .
kerry spent only six weeks turning from a candidate with almost no future into the last candidate , and all his competitors , including gephardt , lieberman , clark , dian , and edwards , have been defeated one after another . this can not but make people look at kerry 's political charm .
in his 19 - year career as a senator , kerry has always supported abortion and environmental protection policies , opposed the tax cut plan for the rich to benefit , worked hard to raise the minimum wages , and hoped to resolve the problem of global warming .
his work experience in washington shows that he is willing to face social problems squarely , dare to challenge authority , and pursue value and not be afraid of offending the interests of a small number of people .
china 's policy of reform and opening up began from agriculture , and rural residents were the first to benefit from this policy .
however , since the 1990 's , due to the fact that economic policies have been tilted toward cities by a large margin , agricultural reform has basically been in a state of stagnation , and the gap between urban and rural areas has been widening .
for a long time , china has seen two completely different world situations : one is a highly prosperous city , and the other is a poor and backward village .
in the words of chinese officials , the widening gap between the rich and the poor in china 's urban and rural areas is a " problem of development , " so it is still necessary to resolve it through sustained development .
in other words , china 's coastal areas and cities should continue to develop , and should not be dragged down by rural problems .
however , when some big cities can see a small change every year and a big change in three years , people cannot help but ask : why has there been no change in some impoverished areas in the past few decades ?
of course , the development channels of urban and rural areas are very different , and this is a fact that should be recognized . however , the question is : when we invest a large amount of funds in urban construction and encourage and support the rich middle class , will the rural population , which accounts for 70 percent of the country 's total population , also be concerned about and attach importance to it ?
theoretically , all previous chinese governments have attached great importance to the issues of agriculture , rural areas , and peasants .
however , over the past few years , the situation in the rural areas has become increasingly difficult and deteriorating , and this shows that the degree of importance it has attached is not enough .
in any country , public security , procuratorial , and judicial organs should be a symbol of justice and justice , as well as the most important system for ensuring social stability .
unfortunately , however , public security , procuratorial , and judicial organs have become a symbol of corruption in china .
according to a recent report by the state auditing administration , the results of the examination of the financial expenditure of public security organs in 26 provinces and municipalities last year showed that the amount of public security organs in the country had exceeded 16.5 billion yuan .
the crisis of trust in public security , procuratorial , and judicial organs has been made public .
the liu yong incident , the sun zhigang incident , and the recent " bmw " incident in heilongjiang all reflect this profound distrust .
the " bmw " incident is even more typical .
people 's attention to this issue has even far exceeded their concern about " sars " during the " sars " period .
as a matter of fact , people 's concern is no longer the " bmw " incident itself , but has expressed their distrust of the entire judicial system .
relevant departments are very clear about this , so they have taken measures to stop the media shortly .
however , the problem is still there .
the second round of six - party talks on the nuclear issue on the korean peninsula ended in the expected results .
during the talks , the parties concerned had contacts and explorations on the peripheral issues of the nuclear crisis on the peninsula , and reached a consensus on the third round of talks and the establishment of a working group before the end of june this year .
however , on such substantive issues as how the dprk should give up its nuclear weapons development program , how the united states should ensure the political and military security of the dprk after the dprk gives up its nuclear program , and how to provide energy aid to the dprk , the talks not only did not make progress , but also gave the people the feeling that the " dead knot " has become increasingly tense .
the two main players , the dprk and the united states , did not make any concessions , nor did they relax their basic positions .
however , what has attracted people 's attention is that during the talks , the united states displayed an attitude of not being eager to resolve problems and gave people an impression of " delaying . "
this strategy displayed by the united states is closely related to the new development of the current international situation and the interests it has sought in these new developments .
since roosevelt became president , the united states has never put so many corporate bosses in jail .
is this a coincidence , or is it that the public and investors have gone beyond forbearance in the past three years in dealing with corporate crimes and other illegal activities , which have recently been exposed one after another ?
the answer may not be simple , but the criminal acts of many companies have been exposed recently .
this is a good beginning for the economic recovery , especially for the restoration of investment confidence .
at the end of the 1990s , it may be one of the most chaotic and hard to find in the us commercial history , and the sooner the impact will disappear , the better .
when the dust is settled , the names of some companies will surely be weakened into history , and they can only be found in the textbooks of the business school .
some other companies , such as taike and mmc , will , under the leadership of the new management team , strive to reorganize to greet the arrival of a new round of economic growth .
when will a new round of economic growth come ?
as the wto , you may have no answer .
this is not necessary because us federal reserve chairman greenspan does not know the answer either .
the bush administration is trying to stimulate the economy by means of keenness , and on the one hand , it is making great efforts to increase spending ( especially national defense spending ) , and on the other hand , it is reducing taxes by a large margin .
internationally , the bush administration has continued to pursue free trade , but the trade deficit has reached a new high of $ 549 billion .
after a big tax cut , investment and consumption did not increase significantly .
the new kiss school , represented by the famous british economist gao shangquan , believes that the us economy has been bogged down in a predicament and that bush 's financial and economic strategy is lacking .
they believe that the so - called " market law in command " is only an illusion , which will inevitably lead to the benefit of a small number of people and the loss of the majority .
in the past , people believed that on a global scale , the so - called minority of people who have made profits are all in the united states , and the majority of people who have suffered losses are developing countries .
this is not the case at present .
many people in the us economic circles believe that apart from the multinational corporations based on the united states , india and china are also in a prominent position in the current globalization .
india occupies the service economy and china occupies the manufacturing sector .
people are concentrating their energies on the large - scale transfer of us capital and production equipment to china , but they do not see the advantages of china 's high - level and low - income labor market .
first of all , whether taiwan 's current situation is within beijing 's estimate or outside beijing 's estimate .
how beijing estimates , only it is clear itself , but the estimated results can be considered by other people from the open phenomenon .
over the past four years , the independence camp of chen shui - bian and annette lu has made clear - cut remarks and has worked hard , and the taiwan independence movement has made positive progress .
on the other hand , beijing 's attitude is close to routine , and it seems that it is indifferent to the progress of taiwan independence .
however , since the fall of last year , it has become completely different . it seems that the cars have changed . in the past few months , it has been evident that the handling capacity is quite different from that of the 1990 's .
based on this , we can predict that the current situation in taiwan is within its estimate .
second , we will look at taiwan - related diplomacy .
with regard to the development of the situation in the taiwan strait , we should see that the attitude of the united states and other major countries is relatively close to beijing and is relatively close to taipei .
since the attitude of various countries is open to the public , the answer is very clear .
so far , various countries and beijing have not only become relatively close to each other , but also have a lot of concrete common points . they have become rather far away from taipei , and their specific common points are relatively small . moreover , they have also begun to give advice on taiwan 's democracy , which has always been praised .
