scientists complete sequencing of chromosomes linked to early dementia
( Agence france - presse , Paris , the 2nd ) - an international group of scientists said that they have sequenced the 14th pair of human chromosomes , which are related to many diseases , including early Alzheimer 's disease that may affect people in their thirties .
it is the fourth chromosome sequenced to date and consists of more than 87 million pairs of deoxyribonucleic acid ( DNA ) .
the study , published in the british journal of natural sciences , showed that the 14 th pair of chromosomes consists of 1,050 genes and gene fragments .
the goal of genetic scientists is to provide diagnostic tools to detect disease-causing defective genes and eventually to provide therapies that can prevent these genes from producing disorders .
international scientists led by the French Genetic Research Center GENOSCOPE said that the fourteenth pair of chromosomes has two clusters of genes and more than 60 disease genes that have a bearing on the function of the immune system .
in previous studies on a number of diseases , chromosomes 14 have been identified , including a spastic paralysis in young children , too few teeth , a number of visual and hearing impairments , and early Alzheimer 's disease .
about 200,000 people in the united states are suffering from early-stage Alzheimer 's disease , accounting for 5% of all Alzheimer 's patients in the united states .
human beings have 23 pairs of chromosomes .
in the past three years , three pairs of chromosomes have been sequenced , including 20 pairs , 21 pairs and 22 pairs .
Australia reopens embassy in manila
( Agence france - presse , manila , 2 nd ) - australia reopened its embassy in the philippines today . seven weeks ago , the embassy was closed due to the so - called explicit terrorist attack threat .
the philippine foreign ministry said in a statement that Australian ambassador to manila Pierce telephoned philippine foreign minister Aubert to announce the resumption of all embassy operations .
Canada , like the european union and australia , closed its embassies on november 28 and reopened them earlier this week .
Auber said that all three ambassadors were satisfied with the security measures taken by the philippine government .
the closure of the embassy infuriated the philippine government . it said the so - called threat was exaggerated and the closure of the embassy hurt the image of the philippines .
Manila has dismissed police intelligence officials for revealing unconfirmed information about terrorist threats to the Australian and Canadian embassies .
the eu office is in the same building as the Australian embassy .
around the anniversary of the september 11 terrorist attacks in the united states , western diplomatic envoys in southeast asia closed down one after another because they were threatened by Osama bin laden 's al - Qaeda organization and its local allies .
Australia Foreign Minister Says North Korea &apos;s Behaviour Will Not Get More Aid
( Agence france - presse , Sydney , 2nd ) - australia has called for concerted international efforts to convince north korea that it will not be able to obtain more aid or other concessions in defiance of the nuclear non-proliferation agreement or other " bad practices . "
Australian foreign minister Downer said today that Pyongyang 's decision to reactivate a controversial nuclear facility and expel un monitors was clearly aimed at forcing international aid and trade concessions .
Australia is one of the few countries that have diplomatic ties with North Korea .
Downer said : &quot; we think what North Korea wants to do is to break the agreed framework of the 1994 agreement and obtain concessions , aid and trade from other countries in the world , including the United States . &quot;
in an interview with ABC , Downer said , " one of the points we raised with north korea , and also very important , is that bad behavior will not be rewarded . "
Downer pointed out : &quot; expelling United Nations monitors and reactivating the Yongbyon nuclear facility will stop the international community from providing support . &quot;
" this will be counterproductive , and we hope these diplomatic measures will be effective . "
" on the other hand , if we overreact , we will fall into north korea 's trap .
we do not want to do so . "
Downer said australia is working closely with the united states and other major allies to force north korea to rescind recent steps taken to revive a frozen nuclear program .
Donner said : " what we want to do is to ensure that the international community takes common countermeasures . we do not want to adopt uncoordinated special countermeasures . "
Bush defends his economic revival plan
( Agence france - presse , washington , 6th ) - us president bush vowed that his upcoming economic revival plan will benefit the " working masses , " not just the rich . it is generally believed that the rich are expected to benefit the most from this plan , which urges a large tax cut .
Bush told reporters looking forward to his official release of the plan in Chicago : " tomorrow , you will hear me say : the us economy is one of the most powerful in the world .
however , we believe that the us economy can still be stronger than at present . "
President bush is expected to unveil a 10 - year economic revitalization plan worth 600 billion us dollars , half of which will be used to absorb the cancellation of shareholder dividend taxes and urge the acceleration of the tax rate reduction plan passed by us congressmen in the past year .
whether or not this plan can be carried forward smoothly is regarded as an outpost for the us presidential election in the past four years , and the democratic party criticized bush 's blueprint as adding to the icing on the cake , unlike the snowy charcoal delivery plan proposed by the democratic party .
the eight - point proposal put forward by the democratic party mainly revolves around a 136 - billion - us dollar incentive measure to boost consumption , and a total of 100 - billion us dollars will be spent in 10 years .
house democratic leader Pelosi said at a joint press conference with other opposition lawmakers : " this is a fair , fast - paced plan with sound accounting . "
Bush led the White House to refute accusations that its plan only benefits the wealthy . Bush said that his upcoming economic revitalization plan is mainly aimed at &quot; boosting economic vitality and growth . &quot;
Bush said : " the plan will provide tax breaks to the working masses .
the plan recognizes that only when people have more money will they be able to spend it , and only in this way will more jobs be created . "
the United States is willing to negotiate with North Korea but refuses to pay any more
( Agence france - presse , washington , 7th ) - the united states indicated today that it is willing to negotiate with north korea , which is classified as an enemy country of the " axis of evil , " but will not offer this financially disadvantaged communist country a new reward to urge it to withdraw its nuclear program .
US president bush 's administration is currently facing a double crisis in iraq and north korea . Bush administration officials and senior Japanese and south Korean diplomats issued a statement after their talks saying that this means that us policy toward Pyongyang " has taken a step forward . "
the statement said : &quot; the US delegation stated that it is willing to talk to North Korea about how it will fulfill its obligations to the international community .
however , the us delegation stressed that the united states will not provide any remuneration for north korea to fulfill its existing obligations . "
US officials insisted in word-for-word diplomatic terms that they would not consider starting negotiations with north korea until it complied with agreements banning nuclear weapons .
State department spokesman bao runshi said : " we are not willing to pay another price for the agreements reached in the past . "
prior to this , the bush administration said that the united states refused to hold talks with the Stalinist country until north korea abandoned its nuclear program based on enriched uranium and plutonium .
former u. s. online real estate executive to plead guilty to fraud charges
( Agence france - presse , los Angeles ) - prosecutors said that a former director of the us online real estate company homestore has agreed to plead guilty to the charge of fraud and reach a settlement of the lawsuit stemming from the insider trading scandal .
former senior mergers and acquisitions manager Karina of the housing store has agreed to plead guilty to one count of securities fraud involving insider trading in a plea bargain , us special assistant inspector Werner said .
another prosecutor , fox , said Carina also agreed to pay 70,000 us dollars to settle a civil lawsuit brought against him by the american stock exchange .
Weiner said that the maximum penalty for securities fraud is 10 years imprisonment . however , according to the plea agreement , the aforesaid term is expected to be " significantly shortened . "
according to prosecutors and investigators , in the financial fraud plot involving Karina , the head of the housing store misled investors with a year - long revenue report from the flooded city of Erzhang .
Fox said that after Karina learned that the stock price had been flooded , he sold out his own shares of the housing store to make a profit . " wall street did not notice that the key part of the housing store 's revenue was forged . "
Desimonet , a former vice president of a housing store charged with similar insider trading charges , has pleaded guilty and the court is scheduled to pronounce judgement on april 21 .
housing store chief operating officer jizek and former treasurer Josef Hugh have pleaded guilty to conspiracy to defraud securities .
prosecutors said Giesek and Josef Hugh , along with other company executives , were suspected of tampering with the accounts of the housing store and filling in the revenue figures .
heavy snow has cut off traffic in europe for several days
( Agence france - presse , vienna , 8 th ) - heavy snow over the past few days , low temperatures in Siberia , and strong winds in various parts of europe have already caused many deaths . at the same time , road , rail , air , and sea traffic have also been disrupted .
the temperature in the russian capital Moscow dropped to a level where even local people felt cold last night , killing six people and bringing the number of people killed by freezing to 239 this year , most of them homeless and elderly , including many drunken people .
three people died in Lithuania last night , and many had to have their legs , feet and fingers amputated due to frostbite .
temperatures in the southern part of the country hit a 16 - year low of minus 32.6 degrees celsius .
on Monday , three indian illegal immigrants also died of cold and fatigue in slovakia . the local temperature dropped to minus 20 degrees celsius .
at the same time , civil defense units in various parts of the european continent and beyond said that snowfall had closed roads , delayed trains , and paralyzed airports .
traffic along britain 's railways and road accidents have paralyzed traffic in some areas . heavy snow has fallen in the east and is now moving westward .
the czech republic , which suffered severe flooding last summer , had temperatures as low as minus 18 degrees celsius in its border area with slovakia .
caretaker world research center praises environmental revolution
( Agence France-Presse , Washington , 9th ) - In its annual report &quot; State of the World , &quot; the Environmental Research Organization &quot; Worldwatch Institute &quot; praised the arrival of the &quot; Environmental Revolution &quot; with an unusually optimistic attitude , pointing out that many countries are successfully curbing and solving environmental , health and social problems .
" building a world that meets our needs and at the same time enables the next generation to enjoy a healthy society is no longer a daydream , " said Flavin , director of the " caretaker world research center . "
according to the state of the world report , one of the encouraging achievements is the increasing use of renewable energy sources such as solar energy and windmills in Germany , japan , and spain .
speaking of the success of the renewable energy strategy , Flevin said : " we are entering a new era . "
the aforesaid report said that in the 1990s , global production of chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) , the main culprits of ozone layer destruction , decreased by 81 percent .
in addition , the world health organisation 's anti - polio campaign has reduced the number of polio cases worldwide from 350,000 in 1988 to 480 in 2002 .
the Washington-based environmental research group also praised local environmental achievements , such as the 86 percent auto recovery rate in the netherlands , the complete ban on aluminium cans in denmark and the introduction of recyclable glass bottles in brazil 's second - guinea province a year ago .
the organization reports that past achievements have brought hope for the resolution of serious global threats , including malaria , which kills 7,000 people every day , and air , food , and water pollution , which unfortunately kills 5,500 children every day .
AOL Time Warner Chairman Keith Resigns in May
( Agence france - presse , washington , 12th ) - AOL time Warner chairman Keith announced tonight that he will resign in may . he said this is " the best for the company . "
explaining his decision , Keith said that he had decided on the steps to be taken to avoid shareholder criticism of him &quot; hindering our ability to work as a team and focusing entirely on our business . &quot;
Keith , who oversaw the merger of AOL and Time Warner approved by the US Federal Council in January of that year , will remain on the AOL and Time Warner board of directors .
when the merger was announced in january of this year , it was worth 155 billion us dollars . later that year , the merger was approved by european policymakers .
Keith said in a statement : " as you expected , this decision is very difficult for me personally . since i hope to be chairman of this big company for the next few years and i am also the maker of the merger , i always think it is very important for me to stay as chairman and help things get on track . "
he stressed : " first of all , there is no need for this company to be uneasy at this critical moment . moreover , since a number of shareholders are still concentrating their disappointment over the operation of the company after the merger on me personally , i have decided that we should take action now to avoid hindering our teamwork and focus entirely on our business . "
AOL time Warner 's internet company AOL said it expects advertising and commercial sales to drop from 2.7 billion us dollars a year to 1.5 billion to 1.6 billion us dollars in 2002 .
the total sales volume will be $ 8.8 billion to $ 9 billion , compared with $ 8.718 billion in the previous year .
the company expects that AOL 's sales volume for three years will remain almost unchanged from that for two years , while advertising and commercial sales will decline by 40 to 50 percent .
North korea 's withdrawal from nuclear non - proliferation treaty will be an enemy of the whole world
( Agence france - presse , washington , 15th ) - the showdown between the united states and north korea has escalated from a " axis of evil " issue to an international crisis , and decades of global nuclear nonproliferation efforts are likely to come to naught .
Pyongyang announced its withdrawal from the nuclear non - proliferation treaty on the 10 th of this month , dropping a standoff with washington .
analysts said that at present , the world 's efforts to curb the proliferation of nuclear weapons are in danger of failure , and the treaty was seriously damaged when non - signatory countries india and Pakistan joined the nuclear club in 1998 .
four days after Pyongyang took the above action , the five permanent members of the un security council all took preventive diplomatic actions in response to the crisis .
Russia said it would send a special envoy to Pyongyang to suggest an end to the deadlock , while china suggested a compromise dialogue between the united states and north korea .
Britain and france are discussing the crisis in london .
the international atomic energy agency has warned that if Pyongyang refuses to abandon its nuclear program , it may ask the security council to take action .
with regard to russia 's and china 's actions , many us observers believe that such talks may force Moscow and beijing to decide whether or not to cast a veto on north korea .
other countries that may have nuclear capabilities , such as iran and libya , are bound to pay close attention to the development of the north Korean crisis .
they will pay attention to north korea 's withdrawal from the nuclear non - proliferation treaty with impunity , or obtain huge us funds in exchange for stopping the development of nuclear weapons .
Ian Hong , a former State Department arms control official , said : &quot; if North Korea is considered capable of withdrawing from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , they may calculate that they can do the same without paying a price . &quot;
Norland of the institute of international economics believes north korea may have made a tactical mistake because the decision to withdraw from the nuclear non - proliferation treaty will strengthen the international resolve to resolve the issue .
Japanese court rejects former chinese slave workers ' huge compensation lawsuit
( Agence france - presse , Tokyo , 15th ) - a Japanese court today rejected a 132 million yen ( 1.1 million us dollars ) compensation lawsuit filed by six chinese who were forced to work as slave laborers in a nickel mine in japan during world war ii .
kyoto district court judge Namaki said that although the government and the Nippon metallurgical industry company had committed a joint illegal act in 1944 , he dismissed the lawsuit on the basis that the statute of limitations for seeking compensation under the civil law was 20 years .
Nan Mu said : &quot; the defendant &apos;s responsibility has been terminated . &quot;
five former chinese slave laborers , including 72 - year - old liu zonggen , and a surviving family member of slave laborers , sought unpaid wages , compensation , and an apology from the Japanese government and the Japanese metallurgical industry company .
these six people worked as slave laborers in japan 's metallurgical industry for a year . during this period , they were often beaten , and they did not have enough to eat or wear warm clothes .
the Japanese metallurgical industry argued that the company was unable to resist the policy pursued by the state , while the Japanese government indicated that it did not need to compensate the plaintiffs under the then constitution .
JIJI news agency reported that after the court announced the verdict , liu zonggen said at a news conference : " this is a judgment that lacks humanity . "
he said they would appeal .
Liu Zonggen said , &quot; I have the support of many Japanese friends , and I will fight to the end . &quot;
the plaintiff 's lawyer pointed out that the verdict " violated historical records , " and demanded that the Japanese government and the Japanese metallurgical industry pay compensation and apologize to resolve this issue .
Kyodo news agency reported that this was the first time in a war compensation lawsuit that such a defense was rejected .
in 1944 , the Japanese army arrested about 200 chinese and sent them to the Oe shan nickel mine in kyoto prefecture as slave laborers .
Alcatel says sales up nearly 30 percent in fourth quarter last year
( Agence france - presse , Paris ) - Alcatel , a major french telecommunications equipment manufacturer hit hard by the downturn in the telecommunications industry , said that the sales figures of Alcatel 's second quarter of 2002 should show an increase of nearly 30 percent over the previous quarter .
the sales growth reflected stronger than expected seasonal factors as well as continued sales of broadband and mobile infrastructure equipment .
Alcatel said that after taking 150 million euros ( 158.4 million us dollars ) of stock reserves into account , revenue in the fourth quarter would reach close to the break-even point .
Alcatel said in a statement that cost - cutting measures are proceeding as planned .
the Paris stock market welcomed the announcement made by the Albanian cartel , whose shares surged 16.91 percent to 6.5 euros each at the beginning of midday trading .
" the move to revise the fourth quarter sales figures is particularly surprising , " said global equities analyst Barco .
Serge Tchuruk , chairman of the Alcatel , said he still expected the Alcatel to cut its profit and loss point to 3 billion euros by the end of three years , implying a profit from less sales .
Alcatel added that the company 's annual earnings figures would be released on february 4 .
Japan expected to achieve 1.5% real growth in six years
( Agence france - presse , Tokyo ) - Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported today that the Japanese government 's economic and financial advisory meeting has extended the estimated period during which the Japanese economy is expected to achieve more than 1.5 percent real growth by two to six fiscal years .
the economic and financial advisory meeting also predicted that the total amount of treasury bonds to be issued in the next five years will reach as high as 40 trillion yen a year because the budget deficit reduction period will be longer than originally anticipated .
the report said that the medium - term economic outlook report , which aims to outline the economic and financial operation guidelines for the next five years , is scheduled to be finalized on the 20 th of this month .
the medium - term economic outlook report was drawn up in early january last year and is being revised by the economic and financial advisory council and is expected to be approved by the cabinet by the end of this month .
according to the report , the current version of the mid - term economic outlook report and a trial calculation conducted by the cabinet office expect real growth to reach 1.5 percent in the fourth year and 2.7 percent in the nominal growth rate in the fifth year .
however , the revised version of the report predicts a real growth rate of only 0.9 percent and a nominal growth rate of 0.8 percentage points in the past four years .
the revised report also predicts that real growth of 1.5 percent or more will not be achieved until the end of the fiscal year .
the nominal growth rate of 2.5 percent or more will not be recorded until the financial year of 2 tsung , two years later than originally estimated .
the report pointed out that the revised outlook report also extended the timetable for getting rid of deflation by two years .
Australia faces worst forest fires in 50 years , one person feared dead
( Agence france - presse , Sydney , 18th ) - forest fires raging in australia destroyed nearly 40 houses and threatened homes in the suburbs around the capital Canberra today . with strong winds and rising temperatures , the fire is expected to expand further .
Australian officials said unconfirmed reports of fires spreading to dozens of suburban towns around Canberra and other areas of the Australian Capital Territory ( ACT ) had left one person dead and several missing .
Federal police officer brown said police were trying to confirm the news that at least one person had died in the fire , but it was known that someone was missing .
the authorities under the direct jurisdiction of the capital today declared a state of emergency in the whole region because strong winds caused forest fires in the northern , southern , and western mountainous areas of Canberra to lose control .
on the other hand , fire authorities said that as forest fires approached populated areas , the army had been called in to join the thousands of firefighters fighting the blaze .
under the threat of what some officials described as the worst forest fires in 50 years , mountain towns in new south Wales and kosciuszko national park have been evacuated in an emergency manner .
" the situation is very grim and snowy mountains may be facing the most serious threat in 50 years , " said the township fire chief Cooperberg . more than 1,000 firefighters are fighting a losing battle and cannot stop the fire from engulfing 80,000 hectares of woodland in new south Wales province .
Japanese emperor Akihito undergoes surgery to remove cancerous prostate gland
( Agence france - presse , Tokyo , 18th ) - Japanese emperor Akihito underwent surgery today to remove the prostate gland suffering from cancer . Royal doctors said the operation went smoothly and the cancer cells did not appear to have spread to other organs .
Ichiro Kanazawa , medical director of the Imperial Palace Agency , said at a press conference held at the Tokyo University Hospital : &quot; the operation went smoothly as scheduled and was successfully completed .
his majesty has awakened from the anesthesia and has talked to the empress and princess chikung who accompanied him . "
" judging by the appearance , we do not think ( cancer ) is spreading , " he added .
Kanazawa said doctors will conduct further tests to confirm that cancer is limited to the prostate glands .
the operation , conducted jointly by six doctors , took three hours and 40 minutes to remove Akihito 's entire prostate gland .
the 69 - year - old Akihito became king in 1989 , the first time in history that a Japanese emperor underwent surgery in a hospital other than the palace hospital .
doctors said Akihito was scheduled to recuperate for about a month .
Kanazawa said that Akihito did not bleed much during the operation , and doctors only used his own blood for transfusion .
prior to the operation , doctors had stored Akihito 's blood in unknown quantities .
Chief cabinet secretary Yasuo Fukuda said the government was pleased with the emperor 's successful operation and looked forward to his early recovery .
a government official said that shortly before Akihito was admitted to the hospital , the 42 - year - old prince Naruhito had temporarily taken over the constitutional duties of the Japanese emperor .
this was the first time in history that emperors had transferred their duties due to illness and hospitalization .
Philippines gathers troops to counter communist guerrilla threat
( Agence france - presse , manila , 20th ) - philippine security forces are assembling various units to counter a large number of attacks by communist guerrillas in several parts of the southeast Asian archipelago .
Brigadier General Priffey Carson said today that the New People &apos;s Army is &quot; attempting to assemble troops in certain areas , &quot; including the northern Philippines , the southern provinces of Manila and a number of central islands .
he added : &quot; they have intensified their attacks on certain areas where they consider their military strength to be weak , &quot; or &quot; attacking and harassing troops in sparsely populated areas . &quot;
other officials said the NPA had intensified attacks on so-called &quot; soft &quot; targets , such as telecommunications and power facilities .
last week , national police chief Abdan asked telecommunications companies to make several hundred million us dollars worth of security investments to guard against attacks by the new people 's army .
Priffey Carson said : &quot; the armed forces have redeployed more troops in the areas most likely to be threatened . &quot;
Priffey Carson said that the number of NPA personnel has decreased by at least 23 percent to about 9,000 from 12,000 to 13,000 two years ago .
of these , at least 5,000 were " armed regular troops , " and at the beginning of the year , there were about 6,000 in Okinawa .
he said that government troops had repulsed the new people 's army in more than 400 villages frequented by them .
&quot; we are slowly but surely winning back the confidence of the people , &quot; he said .
national security adviser Goliath said last week that the new people 's army had suffered serious military and political setbacks , forcing it to return to the negotiating table with its source , the communist party of the philippines .
Philippine president Gloria Arroyo suspended talks with the communist party in the middle of a year after rebels assassinated two philippine congressmen .
last year , the United States added the New People &apos;s Army and the Communist Party of the Philippines to its international blacklist of &quot; foreign terrorist organizations . &quot;
Washington , canada and many western european governments have also agreed to trace and stop the rebels ' foreign financial sources and freeze their overseas assets .
growth of mobile phone users in mainland china to slow down
( Agence france - presse , beijing , 21st ) - this year , the number of new cell phone users in mainland china is expected to decrease to 52 million .
last year it was $ 61.9 million .
however , the beijing morning post quoted the ministry of information industry forecast today that this target may be underestimated .
in january last year , the ministry of information industry predicted 55 million new cell phone users in that year , but the actual number was 61.9 million .
at the end of last year , there were 206.6 million cell phone users in mainland china , an increase of 42.7 percent over the previous year .
Beijing said that in july last year , mainland china had become the world 's largest fixed - line and mobile phone market .
a year earlier , cell phone users alone had leapt to the top of the world .
meanwhile , minister of information industry wu jichuan predicted that the decline in fixed asset investment in the post and telecommunications industry would be halted this year , but investment levels would likely remain flat , the report said .
last year , investment in fixed assets of the postal and telecommunications industry decreased by 20 percent to 210.6 billion yuan .
telecommunications industry investment accounted for 97 percent of the total investment .
Wu jichuan predicted that fixed assets investment in the postal and telecommunications industry will reach 210 billion yuan this year , slightly lower than last year .
the ministry of information industry forecast 33 million new landline telephone subscribers this year , down from 35.4 million last year , the report said .
at the end of december last year , the number of fixed - line telephone subscribers in mainland china reached 214.4 million , an increase of 35 million over the previous year .
Mr ng also pledged to strengthen competition and speed up the establishment of a telecommunications regulator .
&quot; the optimization of telecommunications control has become the most important issue in the telecommunications industry , &quot; he said .
we will accelerate the drafting of telecommunications law , the revision of postal law and wireless telecommunications management regulations . &quot;
who begins election of new director - general
( Agence france - presse , geneva , 21st ) - the nomination process for the new director general of the world health organization ( who ) will begin in the next week . Mozambican prime minister Mokambi , Belgian responsible person of the united nations aids prevention and treatment organization Pio , and south Korean tuberculosis expert lee Chung - woo - Tseng are the three most likely to stand out .
the world health organization ( who ) executive council is slashing the list of candidates to five starting today and will nominate a replacement on january 28 for the outgoing Norwegian director - general , ms Brentland .
however , the nomination still needs to be finalized by 192 member states of the world health organization in may .
foreign ministry officials said that among the candidates for chairman of the board of directors , the three most favored were Mozambican prime minister Mokambi , the head of the united nations ' love disease prevention and treatment program , the head of the united nations aids in guinea , peo , and the head of the world health organization 's tuberculosis prevention program , lee Chung - woo .
according to an unwritten rule , the united nations has made every effort to have its principal organs headed by people from different parts of the world .
some western diplomats admitted that Piot , as a european , had been at a disadvantage from the start .
a diplomat said : " now it is time for people from southern countries to take the lead . "
Robert Redford calls on independent filmmakers to help defend freedom of expression
( Agence france - presse , park city , Utah , 20th ) - in the us - led war on terror , screen idol Robert Redford called on independent producers to work together to prevent freedom of speech from being corrupted .
at his solo independent film show yesterday , Redford spoke out for the freedom of citizens at home and abroad , and his remarks were clearly an indirect attack on the policies of the bush administration .
Redford warned that freedom of speech and other fundamental rights in the united states were being threatened , and independently produced films could help preserve alternative artistic and political views .
he said , &quot; One of the advantages of independent production is that it is not only unburdened by commercial dogma , but also unrestricted in expressing different viewpoints . &quot;
Robert Redford , founder of the solo dance film festival , said he was prepared to revise the rules of the annual independent producers ' festival to allow their works to be shown in us metropolises .
the film exhibition has been held in the Utah park city for 22 years .
Lei Fu , who once starred in &quot; The Tiger Leopard Little overlord &quot; and &quot; Great Inspiration , &quot; said : &quot; freedom of speech is our most precious virtue , and we must remember to protect it well . &quot;
OPEC Founder : Iraq War Will Lead to Oil Prices Rising to 100 Dollars
( Agence france - presse , Duha , 21st ) - according to Yamani , former Saudi arab oil minister , if iraq burns oil fields in the us - led war , the price of crude oil will soar to 100 us dollars per barrel .
one of the founders of the organization of petroleum exporting countries ( OPEC ) said last night that Saddam Hussein " will destroy Iraqi oil wells , thus reducing strategic oil reserves , and oil prices may reach 80 to 100 us dollars per barrel . "
he said at a news conference in the Qatari capital of Duha that the united states " may trigger a world disaster if it attacks iraq . "
he went on to point out that &quot; bombing oil reserves and industries in Iraq may lead to a sharp rise in the price of crude oil to 80 to 100 US dollars . &quot;
Yamani said : &quot; anti-Iraqi military actions ( by the United States ) will damage oil wells and cause serious unrest throughout Iraq . this will lead to a sharp rise in oil prices and a world economic recession . &quot;
North Korean delegation : North korea has no intention of making nuclear weapons
( Agence france - presse , Seoul ) - south Korean officials said the north Korean delegation attending the south - north ministerial talks said today that north korea has no intention of making nuclear weapons .
" North korea stressed that it has no intention of making nuclear weapons , " said lee Fung - Chao , spokesman for the south Korean delegation .
in a briefing on the first official one - hour talks , lee Fung - Chao said the north Korean delegation made the remarks after south korea urged Pyongyang to abandon its nuclear ambitions .
Lee Fung - Chao said : " the south Korean side stressed that if the nuclear issue is not resolved , the entire south - north Korean relationship is bound to be unable to move forward . "
Li fengchao added , " we hope that through this round of talks , north korea will be persuaded to take more concrete steps " to reverse its decision to reopen a nuclear facility capable of producing weapons-grade plutonium .
the focus of the north - south ministerial talks is on reconciliation and humanitarian issues , but south korea , a traditional ally of the united states , has indicated that Seoul authorities will use the opportunity of the north - south talks to express the international community 's concern over the nuclear standoff .
North korea said the nuclear standoff was a bilateral issue involving the united states only and that intervention by other countries would only complicate the issue .
Kmart , the largest retail chain in the united states , is expected to profit ahead of schedule
( Agence france - presse , Troy , Michigan , 26th ) - KMART , the largest retail chain in the united states , said that after a year of reorganization , the company will extricate itself from bankruptcy and resume profits in 2004 .
the restructuring plan proposed by KMART the day before yesterday mainly relies on two investment companies - ESL investment company controlled by Connecticut millionaire Lambert and new york 's third largest capital fund company . the two investment companies are prepared to invest 352 million us dollars to save KMART company .
however , the reorganization plan was not approved by the lending banks , investors , and suppliers .
the century - old retailer chain said it would continue to communicate with the creditor committee and hoped to get out of bankruptcy by april 30 .
the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation , the Securities and Exchange Commission and the House Energy and Commerce Committee are investigating KMART on the grounds that senior executives are suspected of financial fraud .
the company 's board of directors also conducted an internal investigation and said the night before that it had found " reliable and convincing evidence " that 10 executive directors had violated their management responsibilities .
KMART declared bankruptcy a year ago after losing 2.4 billion us dollars in 2001 .
it expects to lose 3.26 billion us dollars in 2002 and said the night before that the company will lose another 286 million us dollars this year .
KMART has closed 283 stores and laid off 22,000 people . it plans to close another 300 stores and lay off 37,000 people .
Powell : more than 10 allies support us war against iraq
( Agence france - presse , Davos , Switzerland , 25th ) - us secretary of state Powell said that the us plan to attack iraq was supported by more than a dozen allies .
at this time , he was preparing a speech related to us policy for the world economic forum .
Powell arrived in the Swiss ski resort of Davos under tight security measures to deliver a speech at the annual gathering of world political and business leaders on Sunday .
at the same time , anti - globalization protesters also gathered in the area .
concern over the outbreak of war in iraq has cast a shadow over this year 's meeting .
members of the organization of petroleum exporting countries ( OPEC ) who attended the meeting today tried to allay fears that world oil supplies might be disrupted if the united states attacked iraq .
Powell told reporters accompanying him to Davos that " a considerable number of countries have indicated that they will act in concert with us , " adding that even if the un security council does not support a war , the attitude of these countries will not change .
Powell said : " we will not be alone , this is certain .
I can name more than a dozen countries based on my memory . at the same time , i think that more countries will show their support . "
US officials said Powell would hold separate talks with Turkish prime minister Junai and Australian prime minister Downer during the Davos meeting .
Turkey , an important NATO ally of the united states , is resisting pressure to join the us - led war against iraq .
as for the Australian government , it vowed to send troops to participate in the war regardless of domestic opposition .
Dahir pointed out that president bush should present real evidence that Saddam Hussein violated the law
( Agence france - presse , washington , 28th ) - senate democratic leader al - Dashir challenged president bush 's use of evidence to prove that iraq possesses powerful weapons of mass destruction . he also questioned whether the white house has a set of " guiding principles " to justify the attack on Hussein .
Dahir asked , " if we have evidence that iraq possesses nuclear and biological weapons , why not make it public ? just as president Kennedy had pictures of Cuba possessing offensive missiles 40 years ago and immediately instructed ambassador to the united nations Stevenson to make them public at the un general assembly . "
Dahir lashed out at president bush when he reported to the national press club in washington while un inspectors were reporting to the un security council on iraq 's compliance with arms reduction orders .
he said : " at a time when we are starting a war against terrorism , the american people have the right to know why they want to send thousands of us troops to the battlefield at the risk of their lives . the united states will spend billions of us dollars , not hesitating to offend its allies and infuriate its opponents to attack iraq . "
Dahir said : &quot; in a democratic country , it is very important that the president should try his best to dispel the people 's doubts and resolve the people 's doubts . &quot;
he refers to the opinion poll showing that the support rate of the american people for president bush is declining day by day .
the white house has taken turns to explain the urgency of overthrowing Saddam Hussein on various grounds , including threatening neighboring countries , poisoning Kurds , attempting to kill former president bush , being accused of involvement in the september 11 attacks , and manufacturing weapons of mass destruction . people do not know which side to listen to .
he said : " people cannot help but suspect that the government already has the highest guiding principle . "
flooding in parts of northwestern australia
( Agence france - presse , Liechtenstein , australia , 28th ) - at a time when many parts of australia are ravaged by drought and forest fires , some parts of the remote northwestern region are flooded .
today , relief authorities had to deliver fresh food supplies to the town of Pork in Queensland 's Gulf of Cabentaria district , which has been besieged by floods for nearly three weeks .
the town is often overrun and has been cut off from the outside world for several months by floods in the past .
however , the head of the local council , tenor , said that this year , the town of baoker was hit by a sudden flood .
he said : &quot; there is no fresh milk , fruit or vegetables , and bread is very limited . until the roads are reopened , there is only some food left . &quot;
" the flood came suddenly , and the last lorry that entered the town of baoker was also stranded . the lorry entered the city on the 22nd . we broke off contact with the outside world that night . "
Tennell said the water level had dropped in the past few days and that if it did not continue to rain , roads would be accessible this week .
Polk town pub owner Tred said that he was very careful to ensure the beer supply and that workers could not go to the pub to drink because of the flood .
&quot; they kill time by drinking wine , playing cards and fishing , &quot; Trad said .
" a large area of flood water has now been replaced by silt . therefore , even if the accumulated water on the roads gradually recedes , it is still impassable . "
thousands of 100 - year - old olive trees to decorate Athens olympic games
( Agence france - presse , Athens , 28th ) - about 4,000 100 - year - old olive trees will be transplanted to the 2004 olympic marathon track and other olympic venues .
the olive trees will be transplanted from the remote islands of Crete and Zakinthos .
according to the Athens olympic preparatory committee , these trees will be uprooted sooner or later because of local construction projects .
the Athens olympic preparatory committee said that at present these olive trees are temporarily stored in preparation for replanting 1,500 100 - year - old olive trees along the 42.2 - kilometer marathon track in the future .
the rest of the old trees will be planted in other Olympic venues .
olive trees are a common sight in Greece . the shape of the recently released Olympic torch is the shape of olive leaves , inspired by olive trees .
an official of the olympic preparatory committee said : " this initiative represents the preparatory committee 's sensitivity to environmental protection . "
three million euros will be spent greening the marathon trail .
protesters and people from neighboring communities said that the marathon route damaged the local environment and that some areas through which the race route would pass would be widened , damaging the original scenery that still exists today .
environmentalists also complained that many trees in some areas of Athens had been uprooted as a result of the olympic - related electric lane project .
exit poll : Sharon - led coalition party wins Israeli election
( Agence france - presse , jerusalem , 28th ) - Israel held a parliamentary election today . based on the results of a poll conducted at the exit of the polling station , it is estimated that the right - wing coalition party led by incumbent prime minister Sharon is certain to win , winning 32 to 36 seats out of 120 seats in the parliament .
Sharon 's office said that the leader of the main opposition labor party , Mizna , had admitted defeat and called Sharon to congratulate him .
according to estimates , the labor party will receive 17 to 19 seats , down from the original 25 seats . this will be the worst labor party election result since Israel was founded in 1948 .
the centrist reform party is expected to win a lot of seats , with the number of seats increased from only six in the last congress to 14 to 17 , putting the position of the labor party as the second largest party under threat .
the oracle party is expected to win nine to 13 seats , down from the current 17 seats .
the above estimated results were announced by public television stations and private channel 2 television stations after the polling stations were closed at 10 p.m .
a coalition official said talks had begun in the hope of forming a functioning coalition government , but labor party leader Mitzna ruled out joining the Sharon government .
the u. s. olympic committee internal discord congressmen plan to reshuffle
( Agence france - presse , washington , 29th ) - us senators reprimanded the competing olympic leaders and vowed to reshuffle the world 's richest national olympic games .
the functions of the olympic games in the united states are not perfect , and there have been fierce internal discord problems in the past .
the Senate plans to hold a hearing in February to study relevant practices , and the congressmen who established the US Olympic Committee in 1978 will now proceed to reshuffle in order to arouse the confidence of US athletes , supporters and sponsors .
Chairman McCann of the relevant Senate committee said : &quot; if we want to rebuild people &apos;s confidence in the US Olympic Committee , then we must carry out reorganization and reorganization .
we must propose ways to reorganize the us olympic games in order to prevent the current problems from recurring . "
there was a fierce , childlike dispute between Walt , chief executive of the us olympic committee , Mankamaye , chairman of the olympic committee , and Rogers , a former olympic discipline official who resigned last week .
Republican senator Campbell said , " if you can also win gold medals in a quarrel , then olympic officials involved in this dispute must be eligible to receive gold medals . "
eight European Countries Jointly Support US Strategy toward Iraq
( Agence france - presse , london , 29th ) - the leaders of eight european countries , with the exception of france and Germany , jointly published an open letter in the times today calling on europe to unite with the united states in working for the disarmament of iraq 's weapons of mass destruction .
the leaders of britain , spain , Portugal , italy , Hungary , Poland , denmark and the czech republic said that the united nations must force Iraqi president Hussein to abandon weapons of mass destruction , and warned that the credibility of the united nations is being tested .
the letter , published in the Times , said : &quot; our strength comes from unity , &quot; and said that the report submitted by the UN arms inspectors on the 27th confirmed Saddam Hussein &apos;s consistent &quot; deception , denial and non-cooperation . &quot;
the letter was signed by Blair of britain , Aznar of spain , Berlusconi of italy , Barroso of Portugal , Megisse of Hungary , miller of Poland , Rasmussen of denmark , and Harvey of the czech republic .
they insisted that Saddam Hussein 's weapons of mass destruction are a clear threat to world security .
" we must maintain unity and insist that Saddam Hussein 's regime disarm .
the unity , cohesion and determination of the international community are where we hope to achieve this goal by peaceful means . "
Thai authorities send planes to evacuate Thai nationals from cambodia
( Agence france - presse , Bangkok , 30th ) - due to the outbreak of anti - Thai conflicts in Phnom Penh , Thai authorities dispatched military transport planes to Phnom Penh to evacuate an estimated 560 Thai nationals . today , hundreds of Thai nationals arrived in Bangkok by plane .
military officials said Thai prime minister Thaksin and high - ranking military officers greeted the first c - 130 dalish plane that evacuated overseas chinese from Phnom Penh with 170 Thais on board at the Bangkok military airport .
the second plane then carried 150 Thais back to the country .
two other planes are scheduled to carry a total of 170 people back to the country .
diplomats will return in a fifth plane .
Thailand 's supreme commander - in - chief Surayud told reporters at the airport : " we are prepared to withdraw them all this afternoon . "
Sulayud said five Thais with minor burns had been taken to a hospital near the airport for medical treatment .
hundreds of Cambodian protesters attacked and set fire to the Thai embassy in Phnom Penh on the 29th .
the Cambodian attack in Phnom Penh was triggered by allegations made by a popular Thai actress that Cambodians had stolen the monuments of the famous Angkor Wat temple from neighboring countries .
angry protesters looted Thai shops in Phnom Penh , and the Thai royal hotel in Phnom Penh is said to have been set ablaze .
Chinese Asians greet the Year of the Ram with joy , hoping for economic prosperity in the New Year
( Agence france - presse , Hong kong , the first ) - as asia ushered in the lunar new year today , tens of millions of people flocked to monasteries to pray for better times and prosperity after another economic downturn .
at the famous Wong tai sin temple in Hong kong , as soon as midnight arrived , tens of thousands of followers crowded into the temple in the hope of snatching the first incense of the year of the goat and collecting it .
a middle - aged man jostled through the crowds to offer incense and said : " I pray for world peace , and some Hong kong people can make more money . "
his female companion said : " what i am asking for is physical health , and the workers will not be given any further pay cuts . "
in Taiwan , president Chen shui - Bian returned to his hometown in Tainan to give out red envelopes . about 20,000 people lined up several kilometers long to receive 200 yuan red envelopes from the president .
since the presidential palace had prepared only 15,000 red envelopes , thousands of people returned disappointed .
in china , it is reported that three - quarters of the 1.3 billion people celebrate the chinese new year by watching television .
the state - run central television station claimed that its four - hour new year 's eve special program attracted as many as 975 million viewers .
among those who could get away from the tv , many ate dinner in city restaurants to welcome the new year , and many famous restaurants were said to be full .
Indonesia has designated the lunar new year as a national holiday for the first time this year . this is a victory of the chinese against widespread discrimination for a long time . now they can happily welcome the spring festival .
Russian experts : space shuttle disaster may lead to suspension of space station operation
( Agence france - presse , Moscow ) - a russian space expert pointed out that the unfortunate disintegration of the us space shuttle columbia on its way back to earth may lead to the temporary suspension of the artificial missions of the international space station carried out by the us space shuttle and russian space craft .
the russian space expert , who did not wish to be named , told the russian news agency Interfax that the disintegration of the columbia during its re-entry would force the astronauts on board the space station to return to the ground , turn on the automatic system of the space station , and operate on their own for a period of time .
he said that if the accident is determined to be caused by the old space shuttle , the united states will freeze all space shuttle missions to prevent similar disasters from happening again .
he further pointed out that it is very likely that the united states will not send astronauts to the space station until 2007 or 2008 , and that it will have to build new spaceships .
if the us space shuttle stops , only russia will be able to send the united spaceship to carry astronauts to the space station . however , russia 's space agency is currently facing serious financial constraints . therefore , the united states and russia may reach an agreement to maintain the artificial mission of the space station by using the united spaceship to carry cargo into the international space station for replenishment .
the russian expert believes that the astronauts currently on the international space station , originally scheduled to return to earth on the us space shuttle Atlantis on march 1 , should now continue to stay on the space station .
the international space station project involves 16 countries , including the united states , russia , japan , canada , and france .
Russian experts pointed out that the unfortunate incident on the first day showed that the space shuttle was unreliable . Russia also had an accident in 1971 , when the united 11 spacecraft crashed on its return to earth and damaged three astronauts on board the spacecraft .
Czech president Havel leaves office , new president still undecided
( Agence france - presse , Prague , 2 nd ) - playwright Harvey , who became a hero of the democratic movement during the czech communist regime , said goodbye to public life today and stepped down from his post as elected president for 13 years .
Harvey thanked the people for their trust in him in a televised speech . he said , &quot; I couldn &apos;t stay in the office for a while without your understanding and goodwill . &quot;
despite serious health problems , Harvey has withstood the pressure of his position , and although his successor has not yet been determined , he is still stepping down as scheduled .
Harvey took office on december 29 , 1989 . on the same day , he made his first speech to the public from the balcony of fort Bragg . he also greeted hundreds of well - wishers at the same place earlier today . he said : " after 13 years as president , i want to bid farewell to you . "
the 66 - year - old writer was originally a dissident , but later turned into a world - class politician , which also shows that democracy has defeated totalitarianism in europe .
after the revolution broke out in the czech republic , Harvey , who was once a prisoner of the communist regime , became president .
three years later , the czech republic split into the czech republic and slovakia , and Harvey continued to be president of the czech republic .
Harvey today handed over the presidential seal to prime minister Spidler and house speaker Zolarek , who are scheduled to temporarily share the presidential power from tomorrow until a new president is elected .
the czech parliament rallied last month to elect a new president , but failed to vote on january 15 and 24 .
Britain predicts Chirac will eventually support security council resolution authorizing attacks on iraq
( Agence france - presse , london , 3rd ) - the british government believes that french president Chirac will eventually support the second un security council resolution authorizing an attack on iraq .
British media reported today that Chirac and British Prime Minister Blair will meet tomorrow in Le Touquet in northern France to exchange views on the latest developments in the Iraqi crisis .
the headline of the left - wing guardian was : " Downing street predicts Chirac will change his stance on iraq . " the guardian also quoted sources from the british prime minister 's office as saying that there are four factors that will affect Chirac 's acceptance of britain 's ideas .
the center-right Times also quoted a senior British official as saying that Chirac had understood that his anti-war stance had &quot; gone too far . &quot; he was surprised to find that seven European countries had adopted the same stance as Britain and signed pro-American letters on the Iraq issue published by the international media last week .
the times quoted a british diplomat as saying that Chirac liked to be noticed and coaxed , but he was not stupid . perhaps it would be too much to expect a 180 - degree change in Chirac tomorrow , but he still hoped to see signs of a change in Chirac 's attitude at the summit between the leaders of the two countries .
nearly 3,000 us troops stationed in south korea ordered to freeze deployment
( Agence france - presse , Seoul , 3 rd ) - the us military said that some 2,900 us generals and soldiers scheduled to be transferred from south korea in the next three months have been ordered to freeze their transfer from defense in order to maintain the garrison 's operational readiness .
the freeze is not directly related to the north Korean nuclear crisis , but it highlights the fact that the united states has two sides that are struggling to cope with the problems of iraq and north korea .
the eighth us military corps in Seoul said today that they had received a freeze on rotation in order to maintain the size of the us military in south korea , and that plans to replace us military units in the us mainland had been suspended at a time when similar military deployments were under way near iraq and afghanistan .
Lieutenant general Campbell , commander of the eighth us army corps , issued a statement saying that the purpose of the freeze was to ensure the strength of the us troops stationed in south korea .
according to the agreement signed between south korea and the united states , the number of us troops stationed in south korea is currently about 37,000 , and the us troops stationed in south korea have been on alert since north korea 's nuclear development ambitions were exposed last december .
suspected shuttle wreckage also found in western California and Arizona
( Agence france - presse , Houston ) - us national aeronautics and space administration ( NASA ) said wreckage of space shuttle columbia was also found in California and Arizona in the western united states , which may provide important clues as to why the space shuttle broke up in the air .
" we have received many reports of wreckage found on the ground in California and Arizona , " said NASA deputy director Costnik .
he said a panel of experts had been ordered to inspect the wreckage at various locations in those states , but cautioned that it was not clear what it was .
Ditmo , the space shuttle project manager , said on the 3 rd that NASA had formed a special team to search for debris in Texas and west Louisiana , where most of the debris of the space shuttle columbia had been found .
Dietmar pointed out that such debris may be important because it can provide a critical missing part of the cause of the crash .
the colombia space shuttle descended on the first day in preparation for landing at the Kennedy space center in Florida at 9 : 16 am ( 10 : 16 pm Taipei time ) before disintegrating into pieces of burning debris in the air . all seven astronauts on board the space shuttle were killed in the line of duty .
investigators are trying to understand why the temperature on the left side of the space shuttle soared as high as 16 degrees celsius a few minutes before the interruption of communications , causing unusual tension on the left side of the space shuttle at about the same time , causing the space shuttle to lose control .
Costnik said the possibility of finding the wreckage further west than originally expected was seen as crucial in clarifying the cause of the crash .
he said : &quot; it is extremely important to inspect the wreckage at the initial stage of the crash process . &quot;
South Korean envoy urges us to hold talks with north korea
( Agence france - presse , washington , 4th ) - us president bush urged washington to hold direct talks with north korea in the face of strong demands from the next south Korean government and important allies in the us congress to prevent the nuclear crisis from spiraling out of control .
Bush 's senior aides had to defend washington 's policy toward north korea one day after ordering heavy bombers to be on alert and ready for deployment , thus arousing north korea 's anger .
after talks with Secretary of State Powell , Chun Dae Chul - sung , special envoy of South Korean President Roh Moo - hyun , stressed South Korea &apos;s position : &quot; we hope the United States will take a more active role in dialogue with North Korea . &quot;
he also said that the dialogue between the united states and north korea should be conducted multilaterally in the international arena .
meanwhile , senior republican foreign affairs senator Lugar also strongly urged the united states to engage in dialogue with north korea .
" I think us officials should hold talks with north Korean officials to discuss how to seek an end to north korea 's nuclear weapons program through an international agreement on thorough inspection , " Rugard said .
Powell 's deputy Armitage told Ruggie 's senate foreign relations committee that the talks between the united states and north Korean officials were only a matter of time , not whether or not to discuss them .
" of course we will have direct talks with north korea - there is no doubt about that , " Armitage said .
however , he said that washington must be convinced that " strong international public opinion " has been established in support of ending Pyongyang 's nuclear weapons program before it can engage in such a dialogue .
German unemployment rises to five - year high in january
( Agence france - presse , Frankfurt , 5th ) - according to official data , the harsh winter weather and prolonged economic slump caused Germany 's unemployment rate to climb to a five - year high in january this year , leaving german chancellor Gerhard Schroeder suffering another heavy blow just over 100 days after his re - election .
in addition , with the threat of a possible war in iraq , the economy of Germany , the largest economy in the euro zone , is even darker .
the freeze in Germany 's labor market seems likely to continue in the coming months .
figures released by the federal labour department in Nuremberg , Germany , show that the number of job seekers in Germany has soared to 4.623 million , or 11.1 percent of the german labor force , and the unemployment rate in january reached a new high for a single month in five years since march 1988 .
last december , the total number of unemployed people reached 4.225 million , with the unemployment rate equal to 10.1 percent .
for seasonal reasons , the number of unemployed in Germany usually increases in winter months as companies , particularly the construction industry , lay off workers due to inclement weather .
but even taking this into account , the number of jobless claims continued to grow last month .
the seasonally adjusted figures released separately by the central bank of Frankfurt in Germany showed that the total number of unemployed people soared to 4.274 million in january from 4.212 million in december last year .
meanwhile , the seasonally adjusted unemployment rate rose from 10.1 percent to 10.3 percent .
Federal labor office director Geist attributed the surge in job seekers to two factors : the impact of normal winter weather and economic hardship .
Singapore economic inspection commission : economic recovery expected in 2004
( Agence france - presse , Singapore , 6th ) - the Singapore economic review committee said that due to global geopolitical and economic tensions , Singapore 's economy will not fully recover until 2004 .
in its annual economic review report , the Singapore Economic Review Committee said : &quot; Singapore &apos;s economy has not yet fully recovered from the recession since 2001 . too much instability in the region , sluggish economies in Europe , the United States and Japan , the impending war in Iraq , and major challenges in mainland China all cast a shadow over Singapore &apos;s economic prospects in the near future . &quot;
however , there are still reasonable opportunities for Singapore 's economy to grow this year , but a full recovery may have to wait until 2004 .
Singapore 's economy is expected to grow by 2 to 5 percent this year , down from 2.2 percent last year , but still well below Singapore 's 7.3 percent annual average growth rate since 1985 .
the commission also suggested that the government extend its plan to resume the employer provident fund contribution rate , and consider raising the employer provident fund contribution rate after two years , in order to avoid increasing the burden on employers in the current difficult period , help reduce unemployment , and send a strong message to foreign investors .
Yao Ming laments NBA Idol Status Come Too Fast
( Agence france - presse , Atlanta , georgia , 8th ) - Yao ming , the chinese eldest , who has become the newest us basketball idol , could not help sighing that everything had come too fast in the face of more than 100 reporters struggling to capture his words and actions when he met the media after signing an advertisement for the beverage product Gatorade and making an advertisement with baseball star jett and american football star manning . however , amid the chaos , Yao ming still displayed Confucius ' calmness and wisdom .
the 22 - year - old Houston Rockets center will start the 52 nd NBA star games here tomorrow , becoming the first Asian NBA star game player .
other NBA star players , such as Duncan and Iverson , are much lonelier than this long - time chinese figure who has attracted the attention of fans around the world .
Yao ming said : " the attention received is quite obvious . this is only one side of the pressure i am under . this is a very special thing .
I hope to stay in the hotel room , but as a basketball player , this is most likely what I cannot achieve . &quot;
however , when most people look horizontally , they can only see your belly , and your face keeps appearing in tv commercials , which is very likely a luxury .
when you are making millions of dollars and replacing flying Jordan as the main salesman of basketball , life is bound to be a complete mess .
Yao ming said : " everything happened too quickly , too quickly .
you do n't want to have everything in the first place , you want to slowly integrate into the NBA , not like this .
but none of this is up to you . "
Hingis had no intention of returning to the stadium .
( Agence france - presse , Paris , 7 th ) - former world number one Swiss woman , who dominated the women 's tennis world with five grand slam singles champions and eight doubles champions from 1997 to 2000 , said today that she had no intention of returning to the stadium .
however , Serena Williams , 21 , believes that the 14 - year - old Hingis developed too early and is therefore physically and mentally exhausted .
&quot; I don &apos;t think Hingis is officially quitting tennis . she &apos;s just tired . she &apos;s been in tennis for years before I was 17 . sometimes I get tired and feel her feelings , &quot; Williams said after reaching the quarterfinals of the Paris indoor tennis tournament .
Hingis has recovered from ankle ligament surgery last year , which prevented her from competing in the french open and Wimbledon , but she was eliminated by Sharis in the third round of the us open .
the last time he played was on october 10 last year in Feldstedt , Germany , when he was shot down by russian contestant Dimantiva .
Serena , who has won four consecutive grand slam championships , frankly said that Hingis was a great encouragement to her achievement today .
Bush vows to disarm iraq by various means
( Agence france - presse , washington , 14th ) - us president bush vowed today to disarm Iraqi president Hussein 's regime " by all means . "
he accused : &quot; Saddam Hussein possesses weapons of mass destruction and has used them ; Saddam Hussein is used to deceiving the world and continues to do so .
Saddam Hussein has also established relations with terrorist organization networks . &quot;
in a speech at the headquarters of the us federal bureau of investigation explaining various efforts to prevent terrorist attacks such as the one that occurred on september 11 of last year , bush sternly said : " Saddam Hussein is a dangerous person , and this is the reason why he will be disarmed by various means . "
this was bush 's first public response to today 's un security council meeting in new york .
the main purpose of the meeting was to hear a report by a responsible official of the un arms inspection commission on iraq 's compliance with resolution 1441 adopted by the un security council on november 8 last year , which asked iraq to disarm .
White house spokesman Fleischer said Brix did not provide any reason to believe that iraq is complying with un security council resolution 1441 .
he told reporters : " the whole world has not been comforted by the news from new york today . I believe Saddam Hussein has shown the arms inspectors that he is disarming .
the situation is exactly the opposite . &quot;
asked when the united states will propose a follow - up resolution aimed at implementing security council resolution 1441 , Fleischer said " it is too early to say , " but the united states will consult with its allies on the wording of the content .
countries such as france , russia , and china still advocate stepping up arms inspections against iraq , and do not want the united states to lead a war against iraq .
Fleischer said that president bush also considered military action to be " a last resort . "
however , he insisted on the timetable set by Bush , saying that the United Nations has only &quot; a few weeks , not a few months , &quot; to try to bring about a peaceful disarmament of Iraq , followed by military action .
White house plans sanctions against north korea : new york times
( Agence france - presse , washington ) - the new york times today quoted a us official as saying that the white house is working out sanctions if Pyongyang fails to abandon its nuclear weapons development activities .
the sanctions will include stopping weapons shipments from north korea and cutting off remittances from north Koreans living in japan to north korea , the report said .
officials from the pentagon and the state department are working out a detailed plan for sanctions to enable the united states to respond whenever north korea takes new steps toward developing nuclear weapons , the report said .
according to the new york times , the first step will be to urge the un security council to condemn north korea 's recent steps toward developing nuclear weapons , including withdrawing from the nuclear non - proliferation treaty and reopening the sealed Yongbyon nuclear facility capable of producing weapons - grade plutonium , perhaps in the next two weeks .
but washington 's pacific allies remain opposed to the idea of sanctions against north korea , and the un security council is likely to remain focused on iraq in the coming weeks .
the new york times reported that at the same time , many us officials feared that if the united states launched an attack on iraq , north korea might seize the opportunity to advance its weapons production .
US troops to begin training operations on philippine hostage island
( Agence france - presse , manila , philippines , 17th ) - us military trainers will be sent to the philippine hostage island of ho lu this year to help the philippines cope with the terrorist threat posed by islamic rebel groups .
Philippine president Arroyo 's spokesman Buni said , " this training exercise will form part of the overall and ongoing defense and security cooperation activities between the philippines and the united states , and will continue to focus on increasing our ability to defend ourselves against terrorist threats . "
he pointed out in a statement that " the detailed numbers of us officers and men and support troops , as well as the timing of the exercise , will still be decided by the philippine government in consultation with the united states . "
Philippine defense secretary Reyes told reporters that us general Webber will arrive in the philippines in the near future to " discuss various situations and details of the Sulu operation . "
Sulu is an archipelago in the southern Philippines including Hulu .
Arroyo 's national security advisor Goliath said that Sulu 's training exercises will " give the philippine armed forces the greatest training in anti - terrorism . "
since the terrorist attacks on the united states in 2001 , the us government has been stepping up military assistance to the philippine government , fearing that al - Qaeda islamic militants driven out of afghanistan by us - led operations may have established bases in southeast asia .
the above misgivings have been fully corroborated in last year 's bombing of the Indonesian resort island of Bali , which killed nearly 200 people .
most of the people killed in the bombings in Tajima were tourists from the West .
Germany 's mobile Com founder declares bankruptcy
( Agence france - presse , Hamburg , 18th ) - - Schmid , founder and former chairman of german telecommunications company MobilCom , announced today that , affected by the sharp decline in the face value of stocks , he declared himself bankrupt and has applied to the Flensburg court in northern Germany .
Schmid holds about 40 percent of the shares in the company he founded . over the past year , the company has been facing financial difficulties and is on the verge of bankruptcy . this has had a negative impact on the share price of MobilCom .
the statement pointed out that Schmid 's private property and real estate were also affected .
the court has appointed accountant Gellert to handle his bankruptcy .
Schmid spent a lot of money on building a new generation mobile phone network , the global mobile telecommunications system , so he was dismissed from his post by france telecom , a major shareholder of MobilCom , last year .
MobilCom said in a statement later today that Schmid &apos;s personal bankruptcy had no impact on the company &apos;s business or contracts .
the statement added that there would be no change in a relief package of about 7 billion euros undertaken by france telecom , which expects the german government and financial institutions to provide about 100 million euros in financing to Mobilcom , which now employs about 5,000 people .
US , south korea hold military exercises in march north korea threatens to withdraw from truce agreement
( Agence france - presse , Seoul , 18th ) - south korea and the united states are preparing to launch a nearly one - month large - scale military exercise in early march , in response to which north korea threatened to withdraw from the truce that ended the Korean war .
North korea threatened to withdraw from the armistice agreement before tensions over the four - month nuclear standoff on the Korean peninsula eased , which is generally interpreted as Pyongyang 's reaction to the announcement by the united states and south korea yesterday that they would hold joint military exercises in march .
a statement issued by the north Korean military accused the united states of repeatedly violating the armistice agreement . " if the united states continues to arbitrarily violate and misuse the armistice agreement , north korea need not unduly continue to abide by the armistice agreement .
the future development will depend entirely on the attitude of the united states . "
however , senior us military officials said that north korea said as early as 1994 that they would no longer be bound by the Korean truce .
US authorities announced yesterday that the united states and south korea will hold an annual joint military exercise on the Korean peninsula from march 4 to april 2 .
South korea yesterday extended an invitation to north korea to send observers to watch the exercise , a south Korean government official said .
the official , who declined to be named , said : " North korea 's statement on withdrawing from the truce agreement is obviously a reaction to the upcoming joint military exercise between south korea and the united states . "
prior to this , the united states had already ordered 12 b - 52 bombers and the same number of b - 1 bombers to prepare to be stationed on the Korean peninsula , and north korea has already severely condemned this .
in addition , Japanese media reported yesterday that the united states has planned to strengthen its military deployment in northeast asia in order to guard against suspicions arising from north korea 's nuclear weapons program .
Indonesian Authorities Refuse US Embassy &apos;s Security Enhancement Plan
( Agence france - presse , Jakarta , 19th ) - the us embassy in Jakarta proposed to the Indonesian authorities to build a three - meter wall to strengthen the embassy 's security , but the plan was rejected .
the Jakarta Post and the state-run Antala news agency reported today that Jakarta authorities rejected the plan to replace the existing fence separating the embassy and the ambassador 's residence with a wall on the grounds of undermining the aesthetics .
Jakarta officials quoted mayor Sudiyoso as saying that the wall could be built , but only if it was built in the embassy area three meters from the current fence .
in addition , the embassy had to lay grass and plant flowers between the two fences to improve the view of the embassy area .
Sudiyoso said the garden view would reduce the impression of a fortress given by the us embassy .
the us embassy in indonesia continued to face protests before and after it led a military operation in afghanistan aimed at overthrowing the Taliban regime in the past year .
that year , after the former ambassador protested the Jakarta police 's inability to effectively curb the actions of hardline islamic groups that threatened the safety of Americans , the relevant authorities tightened the security guard at the embassy .
it is generally expected that if the united states wields troops against iraq , it will be unable to avoid large - scale protests .
Sony actively pushes PlayStation 2 into the cyber world
( Agence france - presse , Tokyo ) - Japanese electronics giant Sony Corp. said that Sony will start selling broadband connectivity devices for home game console PlayStation 2 in retail stores across japan from may , in order to further promote the popular Sony game console to the internet world .
seven months after launching online gaming services in japan , Sony had sold only 190,000 broadband connectivity devices by the end of december .
the broadband connection , consisting of a hard drive and a adapter , is currently sold only through the Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) .
compared with the 12.5 million PlayStation 2 users in japan and the 50.4 million users in various parts of the world , the aforementioned sales performance is not proportional .
the introduction of more on - line games in retail outlets is part of Sony 's strategy to encourage users to play on - line games with their consoles .
a spokeswoman for Sony Computer Entertainment Company ( SCE ) , a subsidiary of Sony , said : &quot; we will sell link kits in stores so that more users can enjoy the fun of online games . &quot;
the spokesman said that of the 874 existing PlayStation 2 games , only one is an out - and - out online game , and two more will be added in the next few months .
about 20 kinds of games sold in japan have the ability to play on the main line .
the price of the broadband connectivity kit has not yet been set , but it is priced at 18,000 yen ( 150 us dollars ) each through the internet service provider .
Sony has sold about 570,000 narrowband internet connectivity kits in north america at a price of about $ 39 each , with about 20 compatible games .
Asia will have the world 's largest population of programmers in two years
( Agence france - presse , Singapore , 24th ) - " international information company " released a report today , pointing out that in the next two years , the asia - pacific region will have more computer programmers and other professional developers than north america .
North america is the region with the largest concentration of r & d personnel in the past year . the asia - pacific region replaced europe to become the region with the second largest r & d population in the world .
however , according to the " international information " report , the strong growth of china and india is expected to push the asia - pacific region to the first position in the past five years .
the Asian region , particularly india , is a major source of information technology professionals in north america .
" international information " said : " in the next five years , the asia - pacific region is expected to grow much stronger than north america , especially those big countries , china and india . "
according to " international information , " there are 7.8 million research and development personnel in Eigata every year , and this number is expected to increase to 13.3 million in the six years in Utasuma .
the report pointed out that at the end of the year , there were 1.7 million information industry research and development personnel in asia .
&quot; international Information &quot; indicated that the decline in the number of information professionals in North America was partly due to the decline of the region &apos;s science and technology industry .
studies show that paternal genes may influence when a child is born
( Agence france - presse , Paris , 28th ) - according to a danish study to be published in the british medical weekly on Saturday , the father 's genes may influence the time of birth of a child .
about five percent of pregnant women will give birth late , that is , the time of pregnancy will reach 294 days .
at present , it is known that this problem will cause maternal and child health problems , but exactly why the cause is still a mystery .
Danish researchers tracked 43 , 000 births between 1980 and 1992 , targeting women with at least two children and late births during their first pregnancy .
in the analysis , only the data from their previous two deliveries were used .
overall , nearly 20% of these women who had been pregnant for an extraordinarily long time experienced the same experience in their second pregnancy .
however , when the first and second children come from different fathers , the ratio drops to just over 15% .
" this is already a lot , " the lead author of the study , Allison , told afp .
this means that if your ( second child ) partner is the same , then your chances of becoming pregnant for a long time are 30 percent higher than those who change your partner . "
the study report said : " if a woman changes her partner every time she becomes pregnant , she can reduce the risk of repeated late births .
we believe this is a new discovery .
and this result means that the time of birth may be determined by the father &apos;s genes . &quot;
Belgium urges anchored tanker to extract fuel oil as soon as possible
Xinhua news agency report of january 4 from Brussels ( by staff reporter liu saijun ) - Belgian authorities issued an ultimatum on the 4th to the owner of the Turkish yanwiki Asahi , who had anchored in Belgian waters , to begin pumping 700 to 1,000 tons of fuel oil for transport no later than 8 : 00 am on the 5 th .
the Belgian media quoted a responsible official of the relevant departments as saying that the fuel oil carried by the Asahi kipang was the same as the fuel oil carried by the Asahi Wangtan , which caused pollution in spanish waters , and the shipowner must ensure that the fuel oil is withdrawn as soon as possible to avoid causing large - scale pollution in Belgian waters .
the Belgian authorities said that if the shipowner of the tan wiki tan fails to comply with the above requirements , the Belgian side will detain the fuel shipped by the shipowner and commission a professional company to carry out the oil pumping work on its own , and the shipowner will pay the necessary expenses .
on the 1 st , the tanker tan wiki tan set out from Antwerp , belgium , for new york . it collided with the Norwegian freighter manguin , which sank here last month , while passing through the Dover strait , and then anchored 30 kilometers off the coast of Ostend in northern belgium .
parts of europe hit by floods
Xinhua news agency , Berlin , january 4 , hurricanes and floods have hit parts of Germany , belgium , the czech republic and other european countries recently , killing at least seven people .
the water level of many rivers has risen , shipping on some important rivers has been disrupted , and highway and railway transport has also been affected .
in Bavaria , Germany , floods overflowed the bank on the 4 th and submerged surrounding areas , forcing residents to wade through waist-deep water .
the small town of Weltheim is expected to experience its highest water level in 80 years .
Volunteers take local residents shopping in rubber boats .
Government officials have also built platforms in the old urban areas to facilitate people 's travel .
the historic city of Cologne also escaped in the heavy rain .
shipping on the Rhine , 144 km south of Cologne , was interrupted .
however , government officials said that with the continuous decline of the river , the worst is over .
however , the flood situation in the small Belgian town of Ninofo is still serious , with two people missing .
the Belgian government has decided to recruit military personnel to build sandbag dams to prevent further attacks on villages and roads .
Sri Lankan prime minister calls for joint efforts to achieve lasting peace
Xinhua news agency , Colombo , january 6 ( reporter Zhang Yadong ) Sri Lankan prime minister Ranir Viktor Mahinha called on the people of Sri lanka on the 5th to make concerted efforts to end the 19-year ethnic conflict in the country and realize permanent peace .
speaking on national television that evening , victor Mahinha said that negotiations between the Sri Lankan government and the anti - government liberation tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) have entered a decisive stage and that no matter what happens , they cannot leave the negotiating table . now is the time to start embarking on the road to achieving permanent peace .
he stressed : there is still a long way to go before peace is finally realized . resolving ethnic conflicts through political means will ensure the rights and interests of all ethnic groups .
he called on all parties concerned to abandon political differences , speak with one voice , and make up their minds to seek peace .
the Sri Lankan government and the tigers began a four - day fourth round of peace talks in Thailand 's Buddhist unification on the 6 th .
one of the main topics of the talks was the resettlement of Tamils displaced by the war in the high security zone on the Jaffna peninsula in northern slovakia , but the Sri Lankan government and the LTTE recently had serious differences on the issue .
the Sri Lankan armed forces offered to disarm the LTTE as a condition for resettling the Tamils , but the LTTE called this condition unacceptable and unrealistic .
the Sri Lankan government and the LTTE signed an agreement in February last year and both sides began to implement a formal ceasefire .
since mid - september , the two sides have held three rounds of peace talks .
the LTTE has indicated that it will no longer seek to establish an independent Tamil state in northern and eastern slovakia through war , but will seek regional autonomy under federalism .
Shaanxi Fengxiang clay sheep becomes mascot of Chinese Year of the Sheep
Xinhua news agency , xi'an , january 8 , by hu xinmin , an artist from liuying village in fengxiang county , Shaanxi province , was chosen as the mascot of the chinese year of the sheep while being selected as the 2003 zodiac stamp .
this is the first time that the chinese people have selected a mascot for their new year .
since the end of september 2002 , more than 50 media nationwide , including china central television , have jointly and openly solicited mascots for the year of the sheep 2003 in the country .
by the end of 2002 , the judging panel had received more than 3,000 entries on the theme of guangyangtan .
among the villas with various characteristics , the clay - sculpted sheep of Shaanxi folk artist hu xinmin have a charmed air of being honest and cheerful , and are favored by the majority of the judges .
in the end , he won the title of mascot of the Year of the Sheep by an overwhelming majority of votes .
in 1995 and 2002 , pillows and pigs made by folk artists from baoji longxian county and clay horses made by hu shen , a veteran folk artist from liuying village in fengxiang county , were respectively used by the state post office as the stamp designs of the lunar new year animals for the year , and were also issued at home and abroad .
Hu Xinmin 's clay sheep made folk handicrafts in baoji district selected by the state postal administration for the third time as zodiac stamp designs .
Hague Tribunal Medical Team to Confirmation of Pobetk &apos;s Disease in Croatia
Xinhua news agency , Belgrade , january 8 ( reporter yang chengming ) - news from Zagreb : Croatian media revealed on the 8th that the hague tribunal will send a medical team to croatia in the near future to confirm whether the condition of former Croatian army chief of staff Pobetk , a war criminal wanted by the hague tribunal , will allow him to stand trial .
Pobetko was hospitalized in mid - november last year for treatment .
Croatian prime minister Racan promised him that he would not be extradited to the hague court while in hospital .
a spokesman for the international tribunal for the former yugoslavia ( ICTY ) issued a statement on september 20 last year , saying that the court has formally requested the Croatian government to arrest and extradite Pobetk for crimes against humanity and war crimes .
Pobetko was chief of general staff of the Croatian army from november 1992 to july 1995 .
the hague court accused him of commanding his men to kill more than 100 Serb civilians and soldiers in september 1993 and burning 300 houses .
Pobetko issued a statement to the media on the same night , rejecting the charges against him by the hague tribunal and saying that he would never yield to the hague tribunal at the cost of his life .
US defense department cancels two missile interception tests
Xinhua news agency , washington , january 8 ( reporter tan xinmu ) - us defense department missile defense agency spokesman Leonard announced on the 8th that the us military has decided to cancel two missile interception tests scheduled for the first half of this year because the development of new booster rockets for launching interception missiles has lagged behind the original process .
Lenard told reporters here that the NMD needs to concentrate on solving the booster rocket problem this year , and the next missile interception test will be conducted after Boeing produces a new booster rocket this fall .
Boeing originally planned to begin flight tests on a new type of booster rocket carrying a missile gun in 2000 , but due to technical reasons , the test was postponed .
after the failed launch of the booster rocket in december 2001 , Boeing decided to redesign the rocket and complete it this fall .
in the eight land - based missile interception tests that have already been conducted , the us military has used a modified Asahi Asahi rocket as a replacement booster , but the test results of this booster are not satisfactory .
the missile interception tests conducted in july 2000 and december last year both failed because the gun interceptor could not separate from the booster rocket .
on 17 december last year , us president bush ordered the defense department to proceed with the deployment of a missile defense system in an effort to build an initial missile defense system by september 2004 .
however , many experts believe that in terms of technology alone , the time is not ripe for the deployment of the missile defense system .
Kadish , director of the missile defense agency , also said that if Boeing fails to produce qualified booster rockets as scheduled , the deployment of the entire missile defense system will be affected .
Slovak president leaves Shanghai for Hong kong
Xinhua news agency , Shanghai , january 10 ( reporter zhou jierong ) Slovak republic president Rudovtschuster concluded his visit to Shanghai on the morning of the 10th and left Shanghai for Hong kong by a special plane of slovakia .
Shanghai vice mayor zhou muyao saw Slovak president Schuster and his entourage off at the airport .
Schuster and his entourage arrived in Shanghai at noon on the 8th by special plane from beijing .
during his stay in Shanghai , Shanghai mayor Chen Liangyu met with Schuster on the evening of 8 july and welcomed more Slovak enterprises to come to Shanghai to carry out economic and trade cooperation .
on the afternoon of 8 july , Schuster attended a forum of chinese and Slovak entrepreneurs .
on the 9 th , Schuster attended the opening ceremony of the Shanghai representative office of the Slovak institute of electrical design and visited the Shanghai city planning exhibition hall and Shanghai museum .
the total import and export trade volume of slovakia and Shanghai has reached 30 million us dollars . the main import and export commodities of the two sides are garments , pharmaceuticals , steel , furniture , and automobile parts .
Schuster arrived in china on 4 january for a state visit at the invitation of chinese president Jiang Zemin .
Shanghai Port surpasses Kaohsiung as the world &apos;s fourth largest container port
Xinhua news agency , Shanghai , january 10 ( reporter feng yizhen ) - according to information from the port industry , the container throughput completed by Shanghai port last year was 8.612 million TEUs , while the container throughput completed by Taiwan 's Kaohsiung port was about 8.491,000 TEUs . Shanghai port surpassed Kaohsiung port to become the world 's fourth largest container port .
last year , the global economy recovered and china 's economy continued to develop , injecting new vitality into the development of Shanghai port .
the container throughput of Shanghai port reached 6.34 million cases in 2001 , surpassing 7 million and 8 million steps last year . the container throughput reached 8.612 million cases , a sharp increase of 35.8 percent over the previous year . the total cargo throughput reached 260 million tons , an increase of 19 percent over the previous year . the volume of foreign trade and exports exceeded 100 million tons for the first time , an increase of 22 percent over the previous year .
relying on its vast economic hinterland , the Shanghai port has a huge network of direct trunk and branch services , and has become the port with the largest number of routes and the highest density of flights .
at present , Shanghai port has flights in 12 flight zones around the world , and has trade exchanges with more than 400 ports in the world . it has daily routes to europe and north america , and weekly flights to the mediterranean sea , the Persian gulf , and australia .
there are more than 1,300 flights to various parts of the world every month .
in Shanghai port , which is now speeding up the construction of an international shipping center , container throughput this year will exceed 9.5 million containers , striving to reach 10 million standard containers , and achieving the original target one year ahead of schedule .
Turkey allows us to inspect earth bases
Xinhua news agency , Ankara , january 10 ( reporter Huai chengbo ) - according to a report by turkey 's " national daily " on the 10th , the Turkish government has agreed to send 150 us military personnel to inspect Turkish bases and ports that may be used in the iraq war .
according to the report , turkey and the united states finally reached an agreement on the document on the legal status of these us military personnel after many rounds of negotiations .
the document stipulates that if these us personnel break the law outside military facilities , they will be investigated in accordance with Turkish criminal law .
the Turkish judiciary has the power to arrest , sentence and imprison them .
criminals may also serve their sentences in the United States if the court so permits .
according to the Anadolu news agency , Turkish and us officials can formally sign the document at any time .
according to reports , the united states demanded that turkey agree to open up a northern front against iraq , use Turkish bases and seaports , and deploy 80,000 ground troops in turkey in order to launch an attack from turkey on Baghdad .
the us side hopes that military experts will inspect and construct Turkish bases and ports as soon as possible in order to bring these facilities up to actual combat standards .
the three bases proposed by the united states for use are Ingirlik , Batman , and Diyarbakir , and the three seaports are Tashuju , Mersin , and Iskenderun .
they are located in the south and southeast of Turkey .
US Resumes Reception of Iraqi Refugees
Xinhua news agency , washington , january 10 , unhcr officials said that the us government announced on the 10 th that it would resume implementation of the plan to receive Iraqi refugees after briefly suspending the plan .
US immigration officials said that the Iraqi refugee reception program has now resumed after several days of suspension , but did not state the reasons for the suspension or resumption of the program .
on the 9 th , the representative of the un high commissioner for refugees in washington received a telephone call from a senior official of the us state department informing him that the plan to receive Iraqi refugees had been suspended .
the refugees affected by this change were dispersed mainly in Jordan , Syria and Turkey .
the head of the us refugee committee , Lavinia Zenlimon , attributed the plight of these refugees to Iraqi president Saddam Hussein , who believed that the persecution by the Saddam government had forced them to flee their homes .
the us government plans to receive 70,000 refugees in 2003 .
the number of refugees planned for last year was also 70,000 , but the actual number was less than 30,000 .
( entertainment Hotline ) Peking Opera fairytale &quot; Wild Swan &quot; to debut on the Capital Stage
Xinhua news agency , beijing , january 11 , the beijing opera children 's play " wild swans , " which is rehearsed by Hebei 's beijing theater according to the fairy tales of Andersen , will make its first appearance on the capital stage in the evening of january 13 - 24 at the guangan grand theater .
the " wild swans " integrates foreign cultures , costumes , and scenes . it combines ancient and modern languages , music , and vocals into a furnace . in the form of beijing opera , it interprets this beautiful fairy tale story in a beautiful , pleasant , and fun way .
it depicts the kind and pure princess Elissa envied by her stepmother for her beauty and persecuted wildly ; she endured all kinds of hardships and pains to help her brother in distress .
in the end , the true , good , and beautiful completely defeated the false , evil , and ugly , and Alisa completed three beautiful jumps to a magnificent life .
according to a report by the beijing evening news , the writing , directing , singing , and dance design of the drama can be described as unique .
famous director Xie ping - an not only retained the characteristics of the beijing opera in the overall mastery of the opera , but also added a romantic and lively feeling in fairy tales , and mobilized a great deal of artistic means and stage vocabulary , especially in handling mass scenes , which made people feel that he had extraordinary skill and unique style .
Zhang Yanling , who plays Alisa , is a national first - class actress and winner of the plum blossom prize .
her voice was clear and round .
in the beautiful amorous feelings of that foreign country , Eliza was sad for her beloved brother and brother , and a long period of singing against the two huangs was full of both sound and sound .
the closeness of life in the play and the simplicity and beauty of her headgear brighten her up .
Colombia car bomb kills at least four people
Xinhua news agency , Bogota , january 16 ( reporter yin nan ) - a car bomb exploded next to the district procuratorate in Medellin city center , colombia 's second largest city , on the morning of the 16th , killing at least four people and injuring 26 others .
Colombian police revealed that an explosion occurred at 8:05 am local time in a taxi parked in the parking lot of a mall next to the procuratorate .
among the dead was a one - year - old child and five of the injured were seriously injured .
forty shops and 15 vehicles were damaged around the blast site .
authorities suspect that the incident was committed by the anti - government guerrilla group , the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , because 68 members of the guerrilla group were arrested in Medellin this week .
Medellin police chief Gallego announced a reward of 500 million pesos ( 172,000 us dollars ) for the arrest of the culprits .
the province of Antioquia , where the city of Medellin is located , is one of the most intense armed conflicts in colombia . illegal armed forces such as the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , the national liberation army , and rightwing quasi-military organizations are frequently active in this region .
EU finds diamond trading in violation of monopoly law
Xinhua news agency report of january 16th from Brussels ( by staff reporter tian fan ) - the european commission announced on the 16th that the european union initially determined that the 4 - billion euro diamond trading contract signed by the world 's largest diamond supplier , de beers , and the russian diamond company violated the eu 's antimonopoly law .
de Beers , which has headquarters in both south africa and britain , controls 60% to 65% of the world 's rough diamonds , while russian diamond company is the only diamond mining company in russia and the second largest producer of rough diamonds in the world .
under a five - year contract signed by the two companies , the russian diamond company agreed to provide half of the annual diamond production , or about 800 million euros worth of rough diamonds , to de beers , which will then be responsible for bringing the diamonds to market .
in a statement , the european commission pointed out that the contract will restrict russia 's free competition with the world diamond market and make it possible for de beers to abuse its dominant position in order to effectively control the quantity , quality , and even price of diamonds in the world market .
according to the eu 's anti - monopoly law , the two companies can challenge the eu commission 's decision within two months , and the eu commission will continue to conduct anti - monopoly investigations against the two companies .
gas explosion in lishu coal mine in jixi
Xinhua news agency , Harbin , january 21 ( reporter wu Xiaodong and yang Haibin ) at 0942 on the 20th , a gas explosion occurred in the seventh well of the lishu coal mine of the jixi mining group , killing 97 people working underground and 16 others .
by the early morning of 21 july , the rescue and disaster relief work had been completed .
according to yu jiahua , chairman of the Jixi mining group , the coal mine involved in the accident was restructured from the former bankrupt muleng coal mine , with an annual output of about 200,000 tons .
the gas explosion point is not in the face of the excavation operation and is located in the withdrawal lane .
the underground workers were carrying equipment at the time .
the cause of the explosion is unknown .
after the accident , the jixi mining group dispatched more than 40 rescue workers to rescue the victims in a timely manner , with the exception of 16 who were killed , the rest of the personnel were safely transferred .
the bodies of the victims have now been brought to the ground , and identification work and other rehabilitation work are in progress .
the underground ventilation system has returned to normal .
relevant leaders of Heilongjiang province 's coal mine safety supervision bureau and jixi promptly rushed to the scene to organize rescue work after the accident , and the cause of the accident is under investigation .
Japan 's central bank decides to maintain current financial policy
Xinhua news agency , Tokyo , january 22 ( reporter le shaoyan ) - the policy committee meeting of the central bank of japan concluded on the 22nd decided to maintain the current financial policy and maintain the total amount of funds provided to the market at 15 trillion to 20 trillion yen ( about 118 yen ) .
with regard to the government and the ruling party 's request to set a moderate inflation target , the meeting held that a cautious attitude should be adopted .
the meeting held that although japan 's economic prospects are getting darker , the stock and financial markets have relatively stabilized , and the economic situation has not changed much , so it was decided to maintain the current financial policy .
with regard to the request by the government and the ruling party that the central bank further loosen monetary policy and set a moderate inflation target , the central bank believes that japan 's financial market has sufficient funds at present .
if there is a shortage of funds in the financial market in the future , the central bank will increase the amount of funds invested and released according to needs .
it is reported that the Japanese government and the ruling party hope that the central bank will induce the annual increase in domestic prices to a level of 1 - 3 percent .
Iraq war could lead to ample supplies in international oil markets
Xinhua news agency , Riyadh , january 22 , according to a report quoted by Saudi arabia 's " motherland " newspaper on the 22nd by Algerian energy and mining minister Khalil , if a war breaks out in iraq , the organization of petroleum exporting countries ( OPEC ) cannot guarantee to make up for the daily shortage of 5 million barrels of crude oil in the international market .
Khalil said that among OPEC members , only Saudi arabia and the joint arab emirate actually have room to increase production .
he said that there are problems in OPEC 's meeting market demand because Saudi arabia and the united arab emirates , which have room to increase production , can increase production by up to 3 million barrels a day .
since december last year , the price of crude oil on the international market has continued to rise due to the threat of a general strike in Venezuela and the iraq war .
OPEC decided in vienna today to increase its crude oil output by 1.5 million barrels a day starting in february .
however , as the threat of war in iraq has not been eliminated , and britain and the united states continue to send more troops to the gulf region , oil prices on the international market continued to rise on the 21 st .
Khalil said that at present , international oil prices are more affected by the tense international political situation than supply and demand relations .
Shenzhen Luohu customs crack down on currency smuggling
Xinhua news agency report of january 25th from Shenzhen ( by staff reporter li nanling and li xiangzhi ) - while ensuring civilized and highly efficient supervision , Shenzhen luohu customs has severely cracked down on currency smuggling through tourist inspection channels .
last year , the customs seized 1,023 currency cases worth more than 150 million yuan , including 15 cases ( excluding foreign exchange bills ) in which the value of a single case exceeded 500,000 yuan .
as the largest tourist inspection port in the country , luohu customs is responsible for the supervision and control of more than 250,000 passengers per day . if the relatively common phenomenon of ultra - currency is not strictly controlled , there may be a considerable amount of currency outflow every day .
in the face of such a situation , the customs should always adopt strict supervision and control measures , diligently carry out detailed investigations , and strictly guard against the outflow of domestic currency .
at around 0900 hours on 19 february last year , a middle - aged woman , who was pulling her suitcase and walking at a high speed , attracted the attention of customs officers .
when the luggage passed through the airport , the customs officer found something suspicious in the suitcase and opened the suitcase for inspection . however , the suitcase was found to contain three large bundles of HK $ 1,000 , totaling HK $ 3 million , strapped in black plastic bags .
this is the largest case of passengers crossing the border with currency detected by the customs in the past two years .
in july and august last year , in an attempt to take advantage of the high summer passenger flow at the luohu port , the port was being renovated , and the scene was crowded with people to smuggle a large amount of foreign currency out of the country .
the customs authorities have attached great importance to this issue , deployed personnel on the spot , and resolutely cracked down on the smuggling of foreign currencies by the tannin underground banks .
from 2 july to 1 august , Luohu customs uncovered four cases of smuggling of foreign currencies from tseng underground bank , the value of which amounted to more than 1.46 million yuan .
Tibet holds spring festival Tibetan calendar new year gathering
Xinhua news agency report of january 27th from Lhasa ( by staff reporter labaczhiren ) - on the afternoon of the 27th , the Jigi conference hall of the Lhasa hotel was filled with a joyous festive atmosphere . more than 300 representatives from all walks of life and all ethnic groups in Tibet attended the spring festival and Tibetan new year gathering held by the autonomous region here .
at the meeting , legqog , chairman of the Tibet autonomous region , extended his lunar new year greetings to the vast numbers of people of all nationalities in the region , to all those who worked hard on the Qinghai - Tibet railway , to the officers and men of the people 's liberation army , the armed police , and public security cadres stationed in Tibet , and to Tibetan compatriots abroad .
he said : over the past year , with the cordial care of the party central committee and the state council and the selfless support of the people of all ethnic groups throughout the country , especially the provinces and cities that provide counterpart aid to Tibet and key state - owned large enterprises , the autonomous regional party committee and government have united and led the people of all ethnic groups throughout the region in upholding the guiding ideology of Tibet 's work at the beginning of the new century , united in their struggle , blazed new trails , and maintained the sustained , rapid , and healthy development of the national economy .
Tibet has shown an excellent situation of political harmony , economic development , social progress , ethnic unity , stability , and people living and working in peace and contentment .
he pointed out : the new year will be the first year for Tibet to comprehensively implement and implement the spirit of the 16 th CPC national congress . it will also be a crucial year for Tibet to promote leapfrog - style development and long - term peace and stability and lay the foundation for building a moderately prosperous society in an all - round way .
Tibet will comprehensively promote the healthy and coordinated development of Tibet 's socialist material , political , and spiritual civilizations .
the song and dance troupe of the Tibet autonomous region and other units gave excellent performances at the gathering .
Pabala zongre langjie , vice chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress , attended the meeting .
German association for promoting peaceful reunification commemorates 8 th anniversary of president Jiang 's eight - point proposal on Taiwan
Xinhua news agency , Berlin , january 27 , the association of overseas chinese and chinese nationals of chinese origin in Germany issued a statement on the 26th to mark the eighth anniversary of president Jiang Zemin 's important speech entitled " continue to strive to promote the accomplishment of the great cause of the motherland 's reunification . "
the statement reviewed the course of development of cross - strait relations and the many actions taken by overseas compatriots in recent years to join hands in opposing separatism , opposing Taiwan independence , and promoting the peaceful reunification of the motherland . it held that overseas compatriots on both sides of the strait have carried out full and effective cooperation .
the statement said : President Jiang Zemin 's important speech is a solid foundation for the chinese people on both sides of the strait and overseas compatriots to create benign interaction and cooperation . it has the core of upholding the one - china principle and contains the feeling that the chinese people on both sides of the strait are brothers and sisters . it has the distinctive characteristics of the times , is also highly relevant to reality , and has the flexibility , tolerance , and stability to finally solve problems .
the statement pointed out : President Jiang 's eight - point proposal comprehensively protects and represents the most fundamental interests of the chinese people on both sides of the strait and overseas compatriots .
the statement called on overseas compatriots to continue to make new efforts to promote the reunification of the motherland .
Chinese cultural festival opens in Ankara
Xinhua news agency report of january 28th from Ankara ( by staff reporter zheng jinfa and Huai chengbo ) - - a chinese cultural festival with chinese and Turkish people celebrating the chinese new year together opened on the evening of the 28th at the trade center hall in the Turkish capital Ankara .
the Hebei opera and dance theater 's first performance of dances , acrobatics , and other wonderful programs deeply attracted more than 1,500 Turkish viewers .
that evening , many spectators came to the hall early to grab the best seats .
before the performance began , the hall was already full , and many spectators had to stand crowded in the hallway of the hall , and many children had to watch the performance of the chinese actors through a gap in the curtain .
the dance &quot; Running Donkey , &quot; which has local characteristics in Hebei , depicts an interesting story of a young couple riding a donkey back to their mother &apos;s house .
from time to time , the Turkish audience burst out laughing and applauding the performers for their superb performance and humorous plot in the program .
when chinese singer Zhai Fang loudly sang the famous Turkish folk song " the big mountain , " the applause was even more thunderous .
at the end of the performance , many Turkish audiences rushed to the stage and took out paper and pens or stretched out their hands to ask chinese actors for autographs . some even climbed onto the stage to take a group photo with chinese actors as a souvenir . some Turkish children even shed tears because they did not get chinese actors ' autographs or group photos .
a young Turkish girl told Xinhua : " it is the first time i have seen such a beautiful chinese dance .
I hope chinese performing troupes of all kinds will often come to turkey to perform , so that we Turks will have a better understanding of china 's culture .
( Hong kong , Macao and Taiwan ) domestic customers have gradually become major buyers of Hong kong gold shops
Xinhua news agency , Hong kong , january 29 , Gu tangfa , manager of the administration department of Hong kong 's zhou dafu gold house , said that mainland visitors have become the main source of customers for Hong kong 's gold house .
he said that during the Christmas and new year period last year , domestic customers accounted for 30 to 40 percent of the business volume of jinxing and became the major consumers of the gold industry in Hong kong .
with the opening of restrictions on mainland visitors to Hong kong in early 2002 , the number of mainland visitors to Hong kong has increased significantly .
during the lunar new year , may 1 labor day , november golden week , and Christmas and new year last year , mainland tourists brought along Hong kong 's retail trade , especially the high - end consumer goods market in Hong kong .
relevant departments in Hong kong estimate that 600,000 mainland visitors will arrive in Hong kong during the lunar new year this year . many businesses , especially high - end stores , are focusing on how to consolidate and develop the mainland visitor market .
Zhou dafu company expects the spring festival turnover to increase by 5 percent .
in order to meet the needs of mainland visitors , some companies have begun to change their business practices and strategies , and many companies have stepped up training of their staff in Putonghua and from time to time introduced courses to enhance their service attitude and standard .
the established gold shops generally do not offer discounts on purchases , but as long as mainland visitors pay cash , there will be discounts to attract more mainland customers .
( international ) Cambodian protesters set fire to Thai embassy in cambodia
Xinhua news agency report of january 29th from Phnom Penh ( by staff reporter lei Bosong and Zhang Ruiling ) - - a thousand Cambodians stormed the Thai embassy in cambodia on the evening of the 29th , setting fire to Thailand 's flag and vehicles and setting fire to the embassy building .
Cambodian police are trying to control the situation and have dispatched several fire engines to put out the fire .
at present , Cambodian police have not been able to confirm whether there were casualties .
the protest began on the morning of the same day , protesting against the remarks made by a Thai actress named suwanan that Angkor Wat belonged to Thailand .
subsequently , more and more protesters gathered in front of the Thai embassy in cambodia and burned car tires , the Thai flag , and the portrait of the Thai actress . afterwards , protesters stormed the embassy .
according to another report , suwanan had already made a statement to reporters in Thailand , denying that he had ever made the statement that Tseng Angkor Wat belonged to Thailand .
( international ) france sends gendarmerie to reinforce peacekeeping force in Cote d'ivoire
Xinhua news agency report of january 29th from Paris ( by staff reporter wang Jingcheng ) - french foreign minister de Villepin announced at a parliamentary hearing on the 29th that france had recently sent military police reinforcements to Cote d'ivoire to ensure the implementation of the peace agreement reached by various parties in Cote d'ivoire and to strengthen the french peacekeeping force .
de Villepin did not disclose the number of reinforcements .
however , he said that france has taken all necessary measures to ensure the safety of french nationals in Cote d'ivoire .
he said : with the support of the international community , france will undertake the obligation of supervising the implementation of the Cote d'ivoire peace agreement , and will work together with the various parties implementing the agreement to restore the authority of the Cote d'ivoire state and safeguard its territorial integrity .
de Villepin said that the peace agreement reached by the Ivorian parties in Paris on the 24 th is the most reliable guarantee for peace and national reconciliation in Cote d'ivoire .
in order to push forward the implementation of the peace agreement , he maintained close contacts with president Gbagbo and leaders of other political parties in kosovo .
he said that the air france round - trip flight from Abidjan to Paris , which had been grounded for three days , resumed on the 29 th .
( international ) Nicaragua Holds Rally Against US War on Iraq
Xinhua news agency , Managua , january 30 ( reporter yang wenzheng ) - several hundred anti - war activists held a protest rally in front of the us embassy in Nicaragua on the 30th , strongly opposing a possible us military strike against iraq .
the organizer of the rally , yanina guerrero , president of the Nicaraguan association for the promotion of peace , delivered a speech at the rally , denouncing the united states ' attempt to launch a war of aggression against iraq in order to seize Iraqi oil .
demonstrators from the capital Managua and some other cities held placards shouting slogans such as no us war against iraq and world peace , demanding that the united states immediately stop all kinds of war preparations .
demonstrators said in a letter to the us embassy : " let us fight together for a future of world peace , freedom , and prosperity . let us learn to respect the rights of others . the iraq issue should be solved by iraq itself with constructive assistance from the international community . "
( international ) us consumer spending does not grow well last year
Xinhua news agency report of january 31st from washington ( by staff reporter wang Zhenhua ) - a report released by the us department of commerce on the 31st showed that although us personal consumption showed a relatively rapid growth in december last year , the growth rate for the whole year was only the same as in 2001 , when the economy was in recession .
consumer spending rose 0.9 percent in the last month of last year , the largest increase since july .
spending on consumer durables increased by 6.1% , while spending on non - durable goods and services increased by only 0.2% .
this is a clear sign of a weak holiday season in the united states .
in the last quarter of last year , personal consumption expenditure , accounting for about two thirds of the us gdp , increased by only 1 percent , markedly lower than the 4.2 percent increase in the third quarter , the smallest increase since the first quarter of 1993 .
economic analysts believe that this is mainly because uncertain factors such as a possible us war against iraq , a sharp fall in the stock market , and a weak job market have curbed consumer enthusiasm , thus becoming the most important reason for the sharp slowdown of the us economy in the fourth quarter .
for the whole of last year , consumer spending in the united states increased by 4.5% , the same growth rate as in 2001 .
the report also showed that personal income in the united states rose 0.4 percent in december last year .
for the whole of last year , the growth rate of personal income in the united states was 3% , lower than the growth rate of 3.3% in 2001 .
the U.S. savings rate fell to 4.1% at the end of the year from 4.5% in november as consumer spending outpaced income growth .
( international ) french troops in Cote d'ivoire attacked
Xinhua news agency , Abidjan , january 31 , french soldiers stationed in Cote d'ivoire were attacked by local protesters at Abidjan airport on the 31st . about 800 Cote d'ivoire youths threw stones at french soldiers , seriously injuring one french soldier in the face .
the chaos in Cote d'ivoire has escalated since the leaders of west african countries met again in senegal on the issue of the civil war in Cote d'ivoire .
Saidun Diarra , widely respected in the Ivorian political arena , was nominated as the new prime minister at the meeting and will return home on the 31 st to start forming a coalition government .
however , Tae young patriots who support Ivorian president Gbagbo are not satisfied that representatives of the rebel armed forces will occupy important posts such as defense and interior minister in the future government .
they accused france of blackmailing Gbagbo into accepting the government formation plan , and called Diarra the french prime minister , saying that death was waiting for Diarra .
according to reports , although the runway of Abidjan airport has been cleaned up , hundreds of young patriots are still stranded in the waiting hall in preparation for boycotting Diarra 's return home .
the civil war in Cote d'ivoire has lasted for four months , and hundreds of people have died in the conflict .
on the 31st , the french foreign ministry suggested that 16,000 french nationals living in Cote d'ivoire be evacuated as soon as possible .
( international ) two Canadian astronauts to launch plan frustrated
Xinhua news agency report of february 3 from Ottawa ( by staff reporter hu Guangyao ) - according to local media reports on the 3 rd , the plans of two Canadian astronauts to take off on the us space shuttle in may and november this year will be thwarted due to the crash of the united states ' kosovo space shuttle .
Canadian space agency director and canada 's first astronaut , Gano , said that the us investigation into the kosovo incident may obstruct the missions already set by the international space station , and some plans may be postponed or even canceled .
Canadian astronauts McLean and Williams were originally scheduled to take off in may and november this year respectively .
the two are currently undergoing training in Houston , the united states .
in the 1990 s , three Canadian astronauts took part in space missions aboard the space shuttle colombia .
Cano also revealed that two Canadian - sponsored scientific studies were included in the space science experiment on board the guinea pig in colombia .
these studies involve protein crystal growth , one of the purposes of which is to treat breast cancer and prostate adenocarcinoma .
in addition , it is reported that after the bangladesh disaster , NASA immediately shortened an astronaut training activity in canada .
seven astronauts who were trained at the Wakatje military base near Quebec city in canada last week have completed their training and returned to the united states .
( international ) U.S. construction spending rises sharply in december
Xinhua news agency , washington , february 3 ( reporter he Ying ) - us construction spending rose 1.2 percent in december from november to 858.3 billion us dollars on a seasonally adjusted annual basis , according to a report issued by the us department of commerce on the 3rd .
the report said that housing construction expenditure in december last year reached 434.6 billion us dollars at a seasonally adjusted annual rate , an increase of 2.9% over november .
analysts believe that low interest rates are an important factor contributing to the strong growth of housing construction .
at present , the us federal reserve has stabilized short - term interest rates at 1.2 percent , the lowest level in the past 41 years .
however , in contrast to the housing construction situation , us commercial construction spending in december last year was 158.6 billion us dollars at a seasonally adjusted annual rate , down 1.9% from november .
analysts believe that there are unstable factors in the current economic prospects of the united states , and enterprises are unwilling to increase investment in the construction of factories and other facilities .
in addition , concerns about terrorist attacks have also adversely affected commercial construction activities . although bush signed the terrorist insurance bill last november , it is not enough to dispel the concerns of investors .
for the whole year of last year , the growth rate of residential construction expenditure in the united states dropped from 2.7% in 2001 to 0.4% , the lowest level since 1991 .
( international ) un inspectors discover another empty chemical warhead in iraq
Xinhua news agency report of february 4 from Baghdad ( by staff reporter wang bo and Liang Youchang ) - un weapons inspection team spokesman Yasuhiro Uki said in a news release on the 4 th that inspectors found another empty chemical warhead while inspecting suspicious locations in iraq on the same day .
Naoki Yasuhiro said inspectors found the empty chemical warhead while inspecting the Taj ammunition depot in the northern suburbs of Baghdad .
the warhead was tagged and well preserved .
he said the warhead was similar to the 12 empty chemical warheads found in an armory in southern iraq on january 16 .
shortly after the inspectors discovered the empty chemical warheads , the Iraqi side announced that four similar warheads had been found in the Taj area and handed them over to the inspectors .
in his report to the security council on january 27th , Blix , chairman of the un verification , monitoring and inspection commission , said that the Iraqi government should take the initiative to give an account of these empty chemical warheads in its weapons report , and that it should not be left for inspectors to look for them .
on the same day , inspectors also inspected seven locations near Baghdad , including a water purification facility , an agricultural chemical factory , two missile factories , and a center originally used for developing chemical weapons .
inspectors in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul inspected a sugar factory and a yeast production plant on the 4 th .
Shanghai police confirmed that the two air france pilots were Turkish men
Xinhua news agency report of february 10 from Shanghai ( by staff reporter yang jinzhi and yang ye ) - based on fingerprint comparison , Shanghai police confirmed that the two men who fell from the plane AF 112 of air france on january 23 were Turkish residents , namely , 20 - year - old Karachu state and 19 - year - old Ozuman .
at 10 : 58 a.m . on 23 january , the Shanghai municipal public security bureau received a report to the police that a man had fallen from the sky in shengang village , laogang town , Nanhui district , and that two foreign men had fallen from a plane flying from south to north in preparation for landing .
after on - the - spot investigation and investigation , the Shanghai police quickly identified the dead person as having fallen through the air from the landing gear compartment of the incoming air france FAF 112 , a conclusion confirmed by air france .
since then , the Shanghai police have successively carried out cooperation and investigations with the french and Turkish consulates - general in Shanghai and with the police of the two countries .
in early february , on the basis of the relevant relics left at the scene of the two deaths and the information provided by the Turkish police on the suspected fingerprints and identity cards of the deceased , the Shanghai police confirmed through technical comparison that the fingerprints were the same and finally determined the true identities of the two deceased .
( Hong kong , Macao and Taiwan ) Macao 's fiscal budget surpluses 13% last year
Xinhua news agency , Macao , february 10 ( reporter li Jie ) - according to information from the Macao special administrative region government , the implementation of Macao 's 2002 fiscal budget is good , with a total annual surplus of 1.7 billion patacas , equivalent to 13% of the annual fiscal budget .
it is reported that when Macao 's fiscal budget for 2002 was formulated , it was originally a deficit budget , with an income and expenditure deficit of 870 million Macao dollars .
after offsetting the surplus for 2001 , there is also a red - letter amount of 300 million Macao dollars , which is expected to be made up by rolling over the years .
however , in the course of implementing the plan , the sar government has opened up new sources of revenue and curtailed expenditure , with actual revenues increasing by about 10% over the budget and actual expenditures decreasing by 8% over the budget .
financial secretary ai Weili said that the increase in Macao 's fiscal budget for 2002 was mainly due to the successful opening up of the gambling and telecommunications industries and the revival of the real estate industry .
statistics show that in 2002 , there was a marked increase in the tax on gambling compared with 2001 , the number of users in the telecommunications industry rose sharply , property market transactions became more active , and the stamp duty on real estate transfer alone increased by 30 percent .
( Hong kong , Macao , Taiwan ) Macao passes bill to avoid double taxation
Xinhua news agency , Macao , february 11 , the legislative council of the Macao special administrative region passed a bill on the 10 th to empower the chief executive of the special administrative region to decide to sign an agreement on the avoidance of double taxation with foreign countries .
the so - called " double taxation " refers to two or more tax jurisdictions levying the same or similar taxes on the same taxpayer , at the same time , and on the same taxable facts .
the bill holds that in the event of double taxation of the same taxpayer in Macao , the chief executive of the special administrative region has the right to adopt necessary measures to regulate the situation until an inter - regional agreement on the avoidance of double taxation is signed .
legislators in charge of examining the bill , entitled " tax system in the case of double taxation at the international or regional levels , " said : at present , the trend of global economic integration is becoming increasingly evident , and the tax system must keep up with it as soon as possible . otherwise , it will restrict the flow of funds , commodities , and personnel .
the signing of agreements between Macao and other regions to avoid double taxation is conducive to Macao 's attracting foreign investment as well as Macao 's overseas investment , and is an important link in promoting economic development .
according to reports , there is already an agreement on avoiding double taxation between Macao and Portugal , and the signing of a contract with the mainland is under discussion . it is expected that an agreement can be reached by the middle of this year .
( fax from hometown of overseas chinese ) chenggang , quanzhou , china daily necessities production base
Xinhua news agency report of february 12th from Fuzhou ( by staff reporter wang fanfan ) - Quanzhou , a fast - growing region of china 's private economy , has recently become a base for the production of daily necessities in china . the relevant departments recently held a grand ceremony for the awarding of licenses and celebration .
the province 's new town , located in the central part of nan an city , home to national hero zheng chenggong , and in the coastal economic development zone in southern Fujian , was awarded the title of tan , china 's daily necessities production base .
established in 1999 , the town covers an area of 61 square kilometers , has 11 administrative villages with a population of 45,000 , and has relatives of overseas chinese living abroad and more than 20,000 compatriots in Hong kong , Macao , and Taiwan .
devoting efforts to developing the daily necessities industry , the province 's new town has formed a complete industrial chain with daily necessities as the leader .
there are more than 70 daily necessities enterprises in the town , with fixed assets reaching more than 300 million yuan , and more than 10,000 people engaged in daily necessities production and supply and marketing , with an annual export value of nearly 200 million yuan .
the main products include various kinds of thin film packaging bags , colored bags , injection molded daily necessities , melamine tableware , women 's sanitary napkins , baby diapers , paper towels , knitwear , children 's outdoor products , and so on . there are hundreds of varieties and over 1,000 specifications of the products , which sell well throughout the country , as well as in the united states , canada , europe , southeast asia , and other countries and regions .
in 2002 , the township 's daily product output value reached 504 million yuan , accounting for 70% of the township 's industrial output value , and 14.08 million yuan of industrial and commercial taxes were paid , accounting for 67.1 percent of the township 's total tax revenue .
( international ) France Presents Proposal to the Security Council to Strengthen Iraq &apos;s Verification
Xinhua news agency , united nations , february 11 ( reporter guo Lijun ) - the french permanent mission to the united nations informally distributed to un security council members a proposal on strengthening weapons inspection in iraq on the 11th .
France proposes to double in the short term the number of official personnel performing weapons inspections in iraq at the present stage , and then gradually increase the number of inspectors to three times the current number .
there are now some 110 official inspectors in Iraq .
France also proposed to strengthen the inspection of goods entering iraq by means of enhanced air reconnaissance or the use of un security guards to ensure the freezing of suspicious places in Tahrir and the use of mobile customs inspection teams .
France also proposed to set up a new intelligence agency in new york to coordinate the actions of various countries in providing information to the un monitoring , verification and inspection commission and the international atomic energy agency .
the above - mentioned two institutions are asked to list the outstanding disarmament tasks of iraq in order of importance .
arrange a liaison officer in iraq who will be responsible for daily communication with Iraqi officials .
France had circulated its recommendations in the form of a non-paper .
during consultations on resolution 1441 , both france and russia expressed their views in this form .
according to relevant un security council regulations , this kind of document is less formal than the draft resolution , but can be upgraded to a draft at any time at the request of the sponsor country .
diplomatic sources here said that the contents of france 's proposal did not go beyond what its foreign minister de Villepin said after hearing a us secretary of state Colin Powell 's intelligence briefing on 5 april . the document is a summary and refinement of france 's position on the iraq verification issue at the request of some un security council members .
( Hong kong , Macao and Taiwan ) mainland tourists have strong spending power in Macao
Xinhua news agency , Macao , february 14 ( reporter li Jie ) in recent years , the number of mainland visitors to Macao has not only increased , but also their spending power has greatly increased .
according to official statistics released by the Macao special administrative region government , foreign tourists spent 4.7 billion patacas in Macao in the fourth quarter of last year , of which 3.3 billion patacas was spent by mainland tourists , ranking first among all tourists .
since the mainland relaxed its exit tourism policy last year , there has been a rapid increase in the number of mainland visitors taking part in guang Hong kong and Macao tours and overseas tours outside Hong kong and Macao .
of the 11.53 million visitors received by Macao last year , 4.24 million were from the mainland . the number of visitors to Macao surpassed that of Hong kong for the first time in the fourth quarter of last year and became the largest source of visitors to Macao .
although these tourists only stayed in Macao for an average of 28.8 hours , their average consumption per person reached MOP $ 2,560 , 64% higher than the average of visitors from all over the world .
the analysis showed that jewellery , watches and clothing and fabrics were the most popular items purchased by tourists from all over the world , accounting for 27% and 23% of their spending in australia respectively .
the non - shopping consumption , excluding gambling , averaged 837 patacas per person , with food and accommodation accounting for 41% and 36% respectively .
( international ) Study Finds Learning Barriers in Premature Children Can Be Overcome
Xinhua news agency , washington , february 15 , underweight premature babies are generally retarded and prone to learning difficulties .
researchers at Yale university in the united states recently found that this kind of learning barrier can be overcome with age .
studies have confirmed that premature infants weighing less than 1,500 grams are prone to neurological problems , with up to 50 per cent of them requiring special assistance at school .
although many previous experiments have shown that animals can recover from early brain injury , there have been no reports of brain injury recovery in premature infants .
according to media reports here , Yale university researchers followed and observed 300 premature babies and tested their intelligence quotient when they were three , four and a half , six , and eight years old . they found that most of them have continuously improved their learning ability over time .
the test said that half of the preterm babies classified as having mental retardation at age 3 reached the general level in language comprehension and intelligence quotient tests five years later .
however , 23 percent of infants still have severe brain damage due to cerebral hemorrhage , and their intellectual development has not improved .
researchers said that a key factor in the intellectual development of premature infants lies in the family environment .
children from families of three with mothers with higher education scored higher on IQ tests .
Japan 's bell invests in developing network video telephones in Shenyang
Xinhua news agency report of february 16th from Shenyang ( by staff reporter shi Qingwei ) - japan 's bell network corporation recently signed an agreement with the Hunnan new district management committee of Shenyang city to establish a joint venture with a planned investment of 3 billion yen to develop software and hardware for visual network telephones in the Hunnan new district .
according to information , the first phase of the joint venture construction project is planned to be completed between april 2003 and march 2005 . by 2005 , the enterprise will have 3,000 employees , making it an important research and production base for software and hardware for video network telephones in northern china .
relevant experts believe that china 's visual network telephony technology is still in the research and development stage , while japan 's bell network co . , Ltd. is in the world 's leading level in this field , and the project has a relatively good development prospect in china .
founded in 1989 , japan 's bell network co . , Ltd. is a new it enterprise in japan . it is mainly engaged in research and development , production , and network communication services for computer network telephones . last year , its sales volume was 12.4 billion yen .
Shenyang city in Liaoning province is the economic center of northeast china .
Shenyang vice mayor wang xiangkun said : the development orientation of Hunnan new district is to build an important it industry base in northern china . at present , more and more foreign it enterprises have settled in Hunnan .
( international ) china and chile sign MOU on implementation of sanitary and phytosanitary measures
Xinhua news agency , Santiago , february 17 ( reporter Hou yaoqi ) - china 's general administration of quality control , inspection and quarantine and chile 's ministry of agriculture signed a memorandum here on the 17th on the " agreement on implementing sanitary and phytosanitary measures . "
according to the memorandum , china and chile will formulate inspection and quarantine requirements for imported and exported animals and plants , animal and plant products , and foodstuffs in accordance with the rules of the agreement and the standards formulated by the world animal health organization , the " international convention on plant protection , " and the codex Alimentarius commission .
the memorandum stipulates that the two sides should strictly abide by the protocol signed by the two countries or the agreed inspection and quarantine requirements , carry out the inspection and quarantine work for imported and exported animals and plants , animal and plant products , and foodstuffs , strengthen the solution of the issue of market access for animals and plants , animal and plant products , and foodstuffs on a scientific basis , and attach an inspection and quarantine certificate issued by the exporting side to the exported products .
GE zhirong , deputy director of china 's state administration of quality supervision , inspection and quarantine and acting Chilean minister of agriculture , signed the memorandum .
euro zone 's trade surplus reaches 102.3 billion euros last year
Xinhua news agency report of february 19th from Brussels ( by staff reporter feng Jian ) - according to the latest statistical report released by the european statistics office on the 19th , due to a sharp drop in imports , the euro zone 's foreign trade surplus reached 102.3 billion euros in 2002 , more than double that of the previous year .
the report showed that the euro zone 's trade surplus in 2001 was 49.5 billion euros .
last year , the trade surplus of the 15 eu countries was 6.1 billion euros .
the report attributed the sharp decline in imports to the growth of the trade surplus .
according to statistics , compared with 2001 , imports of the euro zone and the eu as a whole declined by 4% , while exports increased by 1% .
in the first 11 months of 2002 , imports from japan and the united states fell by 12 percent and 11 percent respectively , and exports to japan and Switzerland also fell by 6 percent .
among the eu member states , Germany has the largest trade surplus , with a trade surplus of 117.9 billion euros , while britain has the largest trade deficit with a trade deficit of 63.6 billion euros .
Shanghai , Zhejiang and Fujian financial cases drop to 13 - year low
Xinhua news agency , Shanghai , february 20 ( reporter wang hongyang ) - in 2002 , the number of financial cases in Shanghai , Zhejiang , Fujian , and one city , located in china 's financial and trade center and at the forefront of financial reform and opening up , dropped by 44.4% compared with the previous year , the amount involved in the cases dropped by 22.8% , and the number of cases dropped to a 13 - year low .
according to the latest news from the Shanghai branch of the people 's bank of china , in recent years , the financial industry in Shanghai , Zhejiang , and Fujian has comprehensively perfected the system of investigation , handling , and prevention of financial cases , effectively curbing the trend of a high incidence of financial law and discipline violations , and a good trend has emerged of a marked decline in the number of cases , the amount of money involved , the number of major and important cases , and the number of crimes committed that year .
statistics show that in 1999 and 2000 , compared with the previous year , the number of financial cases in the two provinces and cities decreased by 22.9% and 35.4% respectively , the amount of money involved decreased by 41% and 11.2% respectively , and the amount of money involved decreased by 35.4% in 2001 .
it has been learned that Shanghai , Zhejiang , and Fujian have successively established a five - in - one case prevention system suited to the characteristics of the local financial industry , namely , investigation , education , reform , establishment of a system , and supervision and control , and at the same time have formed a socialized network for preventing financial cases with the establishment of business functional departments , supervision departments , and local judicial organs in various banks , insurance companies , and securities companies .
( international ) eu suspends import of Paraguayan beef
Xinhua news agency , buenos aires , february 20 ( reporter shen an ) - Asuncion news : according to Paraguay 's ministry of agriculture and animal husbandry announced on the 20th , the eu has decided to suspend the import of Paraguayan beef because of the foot-and-mouth disease problem in Paraguay .
according to Paraguayan media reports , Paraguayan agriculture and animal husbandry minister baumgarten announced that the eu made the above decision at a meeting held on the 19 th .
in early february , a report submitted by the inspection team of the european commission 's food and veterinary office after its inspection of Paraguay held that Paraguay 's measures to control foot-and-mouth disease are still insufficient , that there are serious problems with the foot-and-mouth disease monitoring and inspection system , and that it does not meet the eu 's requirements in terms of health control , professional and technical standards , or the export certification system .
Paraguay discovered its first case of foot - and - mouth disease in october last year . with the help of other MERCOSUR member countries , Paraguay has taken preventive and control measures .
Paraguay exports about 60,000 tons of beef annually , mainly to brazil , chile , and other countries .
these countries have stopped importing Paraguayan beef .
from january to october last year , the eu imported 567 tons of beef from Paraguay .
( international ) Austrian Researchers Find Spinal Cord Cells Leading to Chronic Pain
Xinhua news agency report of february 20th from vienna ( by staff reporter Lin Chuan ) - researchers at vienna university in Austria found a group of nerve cells with long memory in the human spinal cord , which are strongly excited when slightly stimulated by pain . this is another step forward in the search for the cause of chronic pain .
chronic pain sufferers are extremely sensitive to pain and must eventually endure it in their daily lives .
to date , however , the cause of the disease is almost unknown .
according to an Austrian news agency report , a research team led by Jurgen sandekuhler , director of the neurophysiology department of the vienna university brain research institute , found during a biopsy of tissue sections that certain spinal cord cells did not show abnormal performance under normal conditions and would react excitedly after being stimulated by pain .
when the pain stimulates strongly , the response is enhanced .
however , unlike other nerve cells , this group of spinal cord cells will henceforth become overly sensitive to pain stimuli , and even the slightest pain stimuli will greatly attack them .
the researchers also found that there is a special channel in the spinal cord cells . when the cells are stimulated , these channels will be opened and calcium ions will flow in with them , thus further triggering a chain reaction .
Sandtrell believes that the reason why people with chronic pain are also allergic to mild pain is that this kind of nerve cell in the spinal cord has a long - term memory and retains traces of pain in the guinea pig .
he said the discovery could lead people to start looking for ways to erase such memories .
consumer prices rise in january
Xinhua news agency report of february 21 st from beijing ( by staff reporter liu dongkai ) - china 's consumer price rose 0.4% in january over the same month last year , according to a monthly situation report released by the national bureau of statistics ( nbs ) .
the national bureau of statistics said that the main reason for the increase in the overall consumer price level was that the spring festival this year was at the end of january , while last year 's spring festival was in february and the peak holiday consumption period was different , so there were certain unparalleled factors .
another reason is that the weather this year is colder than last year .
among the 31 provinces , municipalities , and autonomous regions surveyed in china , the overall consumer price level of 22 residents rose compared with the same period last year , and the remaining seven fell compared with the same period last year .
statistics show that among all kinds of consumer goods , the prices of fresh vegetables , fresh fruits , cultural entertainment , and other seasonal consumer goods and services have risen , while the prices of grain , clothing , and durable consumer goods , which have a bearing on the long - term consumption trend , have declined .
the rise in the prices of gasoline and diesel fuel has led to an increase in the prices of liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG ) , causing residential prices to continue to rise .
China publishes first television series on sex education in primary and secondary schools
Xinhua news agency , Haikou , february 21 ( Zhang chuanxuan , liu wei ) - china 's first tv series of " lectures on sex education knowledge in primary and middle schools " was premiered in Haikou a few days ago . it evoked strong repercussions among teachers and students .
this sex education series , published by Hainan provincial electronic audio - visual publishing house , is divided into primary school edition , junior middle school edition , and senior high school edition .
it gradually introduced sexual knowledge according to different ages , including topics such as puberty , pregnancy , childbirth , aids prevention , and sexual psychology , and answered the children 's questions in their hearts with vivid music and paintings .
at the premiere ceremony held at the Zhenfa school in Hainan , more than 100 junior middle school students seriously watched it in silence .
at first , many girls only lowered their heads to read books and refused to look up . later , they gradually calmly watched the pictures .
the principal of this middle school , Lai Ruixing , said that the school needs such sex education materials very much . it solves the embarrassment of teachers picking on each other and students peeking at them .
the release of this series of films was also approved by relevant departments .
in november 2002 , the television series " lectures on sex education knowledge in primary and middle schools " won the 10 th china population and culture award , which was presented by the state family planning commission and the china society for the promotion of population and culture .
Chinese citizens to visit malta , egypt , egypt
Xinhua news agency , beijing , february 22 ( reporter Qian chunxian ) the reporter learned on the 22nd that the first chinese tourist delegation to malta and egypt will leave here on march 28 .
Chinese tourists can travel across Europe and Africa in 10 days .
at that time , tourists can take an Egyptian airlines flight from beijing and fly to malta after five days of sightseeing in Cairo .
it is estimated that the tour cost will be 16,000 yuan over 10 days .
Malta is located in southern europe and is close to italy .
its blue sea and blue sky and warm Mediterranean climate make it a world famous tourist destination .
Egypt is one of the four ancient civilizations in the world , and its long history attracts tourists from all over the world .
Malta became the first destination country for chinese citizens to travel at their own expense in europe in 2001 , and egypt became the first destination country for chinese citizens to travel at their own expense in africa in 2002 .
Egypt airlines officially opened its first direct flight route from Cairo to beijing in january this year .
the inaugural tour was jointly launched by the Malta National Tourism Board , the Egyptian Tourism Board and the Guang Tour International Travel Agency .
( international ) Blix urges iraq to start destroying Talmudic missiles within one week
Xinhua news agency report of february 22nd from the united nations - according to media reports here on the 22nd , Hans Blix , chairman of the un monitoring , verification and inspection commission ( UNMOVIC ) , has given iraq an ultimatum to begin destroying its Samoud Blix missiles within a week .
Buchanan , spokesman for UNMOVIC , said that Blix had issued an ultimatum to iraq 's permanent representative to the united nations , Mohammad al - Qaddari , on the destruction of the samud - 2 missiles and related equipment , demanding that iraq begin the destruction of such prohibited weapons by march 1 .
a copy of the ultimatum was submitted to the United Nations Security Council .
relevant experts believe that this ultimatum has put Iraqi president Saddam in a dilemma .
destroying these missiles will deprive iraq of important weapons to defend itself against us attacks , and rejecting the request of the nuclear regulatory commission will give the united states and britain more excuses to take military action against iraq .
Blix and general director of the international atomic energy agency ElBaradei said in their second weapons inspection report on iraq submitted to the security council on the 14 th that according to the appraisal of the united nations missile experts , the range of the sensammut missiles exceeded 150 kilometers , in violation of the relevant un security council resolutions .
( international ) Georgian president stresses efforts to prevent Chechen illegal armed forces from entering Pankisi valley
Xinhua news agency , Moscow , february 24 ( reporter dong Longjiang ) - news from Tbilisi : Georgian president shevardnadze stressed in a speech on georgia 's state radio station on the 24th that georgia 's top priority at present is to stop and completely stop illegal Chechen armed elements from sneaking into the Pankisi valley .
Shevardnadze said that during a special operation launched by the Georgian internal affairs forces , police forces , security departments , and the ministry of national defense last autumn , foreign armed groups that had sneaked into the Pankisi valley had been cleaned up , but it could not be ruled out that some illegal armed elements continued to hide in the Pankisi valley as refugees .
Shevardnadze said that georgia 's strong departments are capable of detecting these illegal armed elements .
he also announced that georgia 's strong departments will continue to carry out operations against illegal armed forces in the Pankisi valley in the near future .
in his speech , Shevardnadze stressed the importance of cooperation and exchange of information with russia and the united states on this issue .
the Pankisi gorge is situated in georgia and is adjacent to the Chechen region of russia .
Russia believes that a large number of Chechen illegal armed elements are hiding in the Pankisi gorge valley and accuses georgia of providing them with asylum .
last year , relations between russia and georgia were once strained because of the Pankisi valley issue .
( international ) new york stock market falls again due to us - british proposal to attack iraq
Xinhua news agency , new york , february 24 , as the united states and britain insisted on submitting new proposals to the un security council on military strikes against iraq , investors were once again worried about the prospect of war . on february 24 , the three major stock indexes of the new york stock market all fell sharply , setting a new high since january 30 .
in addition , the newly released us retail sales report showed that us retail sales in february were not optimistic , and the news further undermined investors ' confidence .
the Dow Jones industrial average fell 159.87 points or 2% to 7,858.24 , the technology heavy NASDAQ composite index fell 26.64 points or 2% to 1,322.38 , and the s & p 500 index fell 15.59 points or 1.8% to 832.58 .
both the new york stock exchange composite index and the Russell 2000 index of smaller companies fell sharply , while the american stock exchange index rose .
the new york stock exchange 's drop - to - rise ratio was 5 to 2 , with volume falling to 1.53 billion shares from 1.71 billion in the previous session .
Red cross society of china raises money for disaster areas in Xinjiang
Xinhua news agency , beijing , february 25 ( reporter wu Jing ) - the general federation of the red cross society of china opened a donation telephone number and a donation account on the 25th , appealing to all social circles at home and abroad to extend a helping hand to help Xinjiang compatriots affected by the earthquake on the 24th .
the donation number of the red cross association of china is 010 - 65139999 ( 24 - hour duty ) .
account number : ICBC east fourth south branch office 02000010090144132 - 52
the red cross society of china has urgently allocated 250,000 yuan to the Xinjiang disaster area after the earthquake on 24 april , and sent a disaster relief team to the disaster area on 25 july .
on the 24 th , an earthquake measuring 6.8 magnitude struck Bachu - Jiashi region in southern Xinjiang .
by the early morning of the 25th , the death toll had risen to 261 , with 2050 seriously injured and 8,861 houses collapsed .
at present , the night temperature in the disaster area is around minus 2 degrees celsius , and the victims are in urgent need of food and cold - proof materials .
( international ) Brazilian National Risk Index Declines
Xinhua news agency , Brasilia , february 27 ( reporter yang Limin ) - brazil 's national risk index fell to 1,191 points on the 27th , down 2.37% from the previous day .
this is the first time in eight months that the index has fallen below 1,200 points since the outbreak of financial turmoil in brazil last june .
meanwhile , brazil 's bonds traded on the international market rose 0.42 percent to 74% of their face value .
it was also the best record in eight months .
the country risk index is closely related to bond prices , and the higher the index , the lower the bond price .
last year , brazil 's national risk index surpassed 2,400 points , and bond prices fell to 48% of face value .
since the new government took office this year , brazil 's national risk index has continued to decline .
recently , foreign investors believe that Brazilian bonds are cheap and the rate of return is high , so the demand has greatly increased , which has accelerated the decline of brazil 's national risk index .
however , analysts pointed out that although international investors are currently optimistic about brazil 's bonds , if the us - iraq war breaks out and foreign investment decreases , the national risk index is likely to rise again , and bond prices will fall again .
