there has been no news of the landing of the european Mars rover beagle ii .
( Agence france - presse , london , 1 st ) - Martian exploration program spokesman Barrett said that after a us satellite could not connect with the european beagle ii ( BEAGLE 2 ) landing craft that had landed on mars , the hope of deliberately collecting signals from the beagle ii could only be pinned on its mother ship , the mars express .
Barat said , &quot; We have not obtained any further results . &quot;
he said : &quot; now we have placed our hopes in its mother ship , the Mars Express , waiting for it to gather information . &quot;
the us - based odyssey spacecraft did not receive any information from the european mars probe beagle ii , which has continued to search for signs of life on mars since leaving the mars express for mars .
the Mars odyssey spacecraft was launched by the us space agency into the orbit of mars to carry out another exploration mission .
the european space agency , based in Paris , said that the european - made artificial satellite of the mars express has been launched into the extreme orbit of mars , and it is hoped that it will still be able to transmit some signals next week .
the puppy ii was originally scheduled to land on mars at Christmas , but its signals are still hard to fathom .
after leaving the mother ship mars express on december 19 , the beagle 2 became the first european spaceship to land on another planet .
during the 18 - day mission , beagle ii plans to test rocks , soil , signal transmission modes , or all life on mars .
scientists had boldly predicted that the british spaceship might be trapped in a hole .
Pakistani president Musharraf wins confidence vote in senate and house of representatives
( Agence france - presse , Islamabad , 1 st ) - Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf won a vote of confidence in both houses of parliament today with the abstention of islamic senators and a boycott by opposition parties . the vote of confidence confirmed that Musharraf 's rule will last until 2007 .
" Musharraf won a majority of the votes in parliament , " information minister Rashid told afp .
no congressman voted against him . &quot;
in the 342 - seat house of representatives , 191 members of the house voted for Musharraf , muslim senators abstained , and opposition parties boycotted the controversial vote of confidence .
Musharraf made concessions to six islamic party coalitions and agreed to resign as commander - in - chief of the army , while seeking approval from the supreme court within one month of the dissolution of parliament .
in the 100 - seat senate , 56 senators voted for Musharraf , and 42 muslim and opposition senators abstained or boycotted .
Musharraf took power in a coup in october 1999 and has since refused to step down .
former rebels to join military leadership
( Agence france - presse , Blondie , Buzombura , 1 st ) - president Ndayizeye of Blondie delivered a new year 's message to the nation today , saying that the post - war joint chiefs of staff meeting will be formed before next week and will include former rebel leaders .
the former " democratic defense force " of the rebel army welcomed this move and praised it as " an important step " towards the establishment of a new armed force .
President Ndayizeye said in a televised statement that the rebel fighters in the civil war in Brondi over the past 10 years must be settled by january 5 , and the new military leadership will be ready by january 7 , with four of them former rebel leaders .
Ndayizeye said : " the parties that signed the agreement ( on a three - year november cease - fire in Okinawa ) must settle down the cantonment of the fighters by january 5 at the latest . "
he added that the joint chiefs of staff meeting , including former rebel leaders , must be ready by january 7 .
the operation is mainly related to the largest of the six rebel organizations that signed the peace agreement , the " democratic defense force .
the seventh rebel organization , the " national liberation army , " refused to sign the peace agreement .
since the civil war broke out in 1993 between the Hudu rebels and the Tutsi government forces in Bulongdi , about 300,000 people have died .
China seizes 186 tons of us beef
( Agence france - presse , beijing , 2 nd ) - china 's state - run media , the beijing youth daily , reported today that due to market fears that imported beef might be infected with mad cow disease virus , the relevant authorities started meat market inspection operations and seized 186 tons of us beef in beijing yesterday .
Beijing youth daily pointed out that according to the proposal of the ministry of agriculture , the beef will be destroyed after inspection .
China was one of more than 30 countries in the world that suspended us beef imports last week .
all cattle related products , with the exception of milk and other dairy products , leather and photographic gelatin emulsion , are prohibited .
Beijing youth daily reported that the beijing agricultural bureau recently issued a series of prevention and control decrees and launched a comprehensive market inspection operation .
at present , there are no cases of mad cow disease in china .
the beef seizure was the second in nearly a week after authorities seized 60 kilograms of beef from the us state of washington , where mad cow cases were reported , from an american cargo ship in Ningbo , Zhejiang province .
although statistics from the department of commerce show that china imported 532 million us dollars worth of meat from the united states last year , the volume of us beef imports remains unknown .
from january to july last year , china imported a total of 316 million us dollars worth of meat from the united states .
North korea authorizes us delegation to visit Yongbyon nuclear facility
( Agence france - presse , washington , 2nd ) - the us newspaper today reported that Pyongyang authorities have authorized a us delegation including top nuclear scientists to visit the north Korean nuclear facility next week .
members of the delegation told the us newspaper today that the bush administration had approved the us delegation 's scheduled visit to north korea from january 6 to 10 .
it will be the first visit by a foreign delegation to north korea 's disputed nuclear facilities since un inspectors were expelled from the country a year ago .
members of the us delegation include a chinese expert from Stanford university , two senate foreign policy assistants , and a former state department official in charge of dealing with Pyongyang authorities .
the delegation 's nuclear expert is Hector , who led the united states ' los Salamos national laboratory , which pioneered the development of the atomic bomb , from 1985 to 1997 .
prior to this , north korea had recently informed the us embassy in beijing that Pyongyang was ready to attend the second round of six - party talks on the Korean peninsula nuclear crisis , which had been delayed .
US officials pointed out earlier this week that Pyongyang authorities had indicated their readiness to participate in the six - party talks held earlier this year .
at the conclusion of the first round of six - party talks held in beijing in august last year , north korea later criticized the talks as " useless . "
the second round of the six - party talks was originally scheduled to be held in december last year , but the talks were postponed until the beginning of this year because of differences in positions on the measures that must be taken to resolve the issue .
Washington demanded that north korea unilaterally abandon its nuclear weapons program , while Pyongyang insisted that the united states provide legally binding security assurances in exchange for abandoning its nuclear weapons development program .
the U.S. government says it has nothing to do with the U.S. delegation visiting North Korea
( Agence france - presse , washington , 2 nd ) - the us government said today that it has nothing to do with the two us delegations preparing to visit north korea in the hope of inspecting the Yongbyon nuclear power plant , which triggered diplomatic storms between the two countries .
at a time when china is trying to get the united states and north korea , as well as japan , russia and south korea , to return to the negotiating table , a delegation of us scholars and scientists and another delegation of us congressional assistants intends to visit north korea .
US State Department Deputy Spokesman Erelli said : &quot; we have nothing to do with this group or the plans these groups are rumored to be planning to visit North Korea . &quot;
" I think you should know for sure that these groups or individuals do not represent the government , " Erelli said .
one delegation , led by a senior chinese expert at Stanford university and a nuclear scientist and former director of the Losaramus laboratory , included us state department special envoy Pritchard for talks with north korea last year .
the delegation will visit the Yongbyon nuclear power plant , the us daily reported today , but a member of the delegation told afp that the trip to Yongbyon was still uncertain .
the visit is also likely to change after extensive media coverage , and it remains uncertain whether the delegation will be allowed to enter north korea .
the other delegation was led by assistant to the chairman of the senate foreign relations committee , Luis Ruggie , and assistant to Biden , senior democratic member of the senate foreign relations committee , ji haofeng .
US waits for clarification on golan heights settlement plan
( Agence france - presse , washington , 2nd ) - the us government said today that Israel has not yet given a satisfactory answer to a us request for clarification of reports that Israel intends to expand Jewish settlement plans in the occupied golan heights .
the state department said that Israel had responded to the us request after the incident was reported on Wednesday ( 31 july ) .
however , Israel 's response did not fully clear the united states of its doubts .
State department deputy spokesman Erelli said : " we have received an answer , but it is not a clear answer , and we do not know the situation . "
he reiterated washington 's opposition to any new Israeli settlement activities .
Erelli said , &quot; We have made it clear that we are against the new settlement activities . we do not think it is beneficial . the settlement activities should be stopped . &quot;
according to media reports , Israel plans to add nine new settlements to the golan heights occupied by Syria in 1967 and increase the Jewish population from 10,500 to about 15,000 over a three - year period .
this occupation move has been widely criticized by many arab countries as illegal .
Toyota Prius wins North American windmill title of the year
( Agence france - presse , Detroit , 4 th ) - toyota 's Prius sedan was chosen by reporters as north america 's annual storm sedan at the Detroit international auto show today , while Ford 's f - 150 full - size pickup was selected as the storm truck of the year .
" this award is very positive about the power system of this hybrid car , " said presse , executive vice president of marketing for Toyota motors .
the redesigned 2004 Prius car , powered by gasoline and electricity , was launched in october last year with a brand price of 20,000 us dollars per car . the initial sales performance was better than expected .
last month , Toyota announced a 31 percent increase in Prius production .
Mr. Price said Toyota hopes the success of the new Prius will spur its highlander SUV , also powered by gasoline and electricity , to perform well later this year .
the new high lander will be unveiled at the north american international auto show in the next few days .
today &apos;s exhibition is for the media only .
Ford 's redesigned f - 150 pickup won the title of " wind and clouds truck of the year . "
according to lee Anse , president of a Ford sales department , Ford 's f - 150 is the best - selling car in the world . the 2004 f - 150 model was redesigned . it reached an all - time high in december last year , selling a total of 84,600 cars .
Leons said Ford is ready to capitalize on the success of the initial sales of the f - 150 and continue its efforts to increase sales of the f - series pickup trucks to the target of one million units this year .
Zambia prepares to expel british writer suspected of insulting his president
( Agence france - presse , Lusaka , 5th ) - Sabiya interior minister Sika Pawasha said that Sabiya had ordered british writer Clark to leave the country within 24 hours on the grounds that Clark " insulted " Sabiya president Mwanawasa in a weekly column in the popular newspaper post ( post ) .
Sikapavasha told a group of Mwanawasa supporters who marched to the interior ministry to demand Clark 's expulsion that " Clark will have to leave the country within 24 hours . "
I want to announce to the whole country that we have taken action . "
however , Clark said in an interview with afp that he had not received any notification .
Clark said : " I had no idea that an expulsion order had been issued . "
Mumba , permanent secretary of the ministry of the interior , said earlier that he had advised the interior minister to issue a eviction order .
Mumba said : " when someone insults a country 's president , it is tantamount to insulting the people he represents . he should go back and start writing articles about his own people . "
Clark has lived in Zambia for many years and is married to a prominent women 's rights activist .
Mumbe , editor of the post , said he was personally responsible for the article published last Thursday and urged the government of Zambia to point the finger at him rather than Clark .
Zambia has in the past expelled foreigners suspected of insulting the president or the head of government .
Koizumi vows to continue economic reform this year
( Agence france - presse , Tokyo , 5th ) - Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi vowed at a press conference held on the first working day after the new year holiday that economic reform will continue this year . he said : " although the economic situation is still difficult , we can finally see signs of recovery . "
Koizumi stressed : " I will closely adhere to the reform policy and continue to push forward the reform .
continued reform efforts will promote economic recovery . &quot;
Koizumi said he would focus in particular on congressional deliberations on privatizing postal services this year .
" we will finally take action on privatizing the postal service , which is the main axis of economic reform , " he said .
Koizumi added that he hopes to present the bill to congress early next year .
Koizumi has pledged to fully privatize the postal service sector with 280,000 employees in 2007 .
Japan 's postal service sector is regarded as the world 's largest bank with 355 trillion yen ( $ 3.3 trillion ) of savings and insurance funds administered by it .
however , this large - scale plan still faces strong opposition from conservative congressmen .
the scheme began when Koizumi assumed the post of minister in 1993 .
analysts pointed out that the Japanese economy is expected to maintain steady growth of about 2 percent this year , but Japanese people may still be worried about further wage cuts and layoffs .
Japan 's unemployment rate is still above 5 percent while many companies continue to consolidate to ensure profits .
the United States begins photographing and fingerprinting inbound foreign travellers
( Agence france - presse , washington , 5 th ) - at a time when Singapore , home to asia 's largest airport , supports the deployment of additional air armed police on board flights to deal with terrorist threats , the united states began taking new measures to take photographs and retain fingerprints of incoming foreign passengers today .
Washington 's intensified efforts to check the timing of incoming foreign passengers coincided with the recent surge in global flight safety concerns , which have led to the temporary cancellation of several us flights in the past week .
the new measures only apply to foreign visitors who require visas to enter the united states , which is expected to reach 23 million this year .
the department of homeland security , which is responsible for implementing the " us - VISIT " program , pointed out that citizens of 28 countries , mostly in europe , can be exempted from the aforementioned procedure .
immigration groups criticized the plan as a violation of civil liberties and a step towards creating a surveillance society , and homeland security minister Reggie strongly defended the plan .
in an interview with the national broadcasting corporation ( NBC ) , Ridge said , " one of the first duties of any government is to ensure border security . we are doing the best we can to promote this plan . I think it is not reckless at all . in fact , it only takes about 15 seconds . obviously no one will care . "
up to five years from now , both land , sea and air entry points will be ready for photographing and fingerprinting .
all United States visas and passports will eventually be included in &quot; biometric markers , &quot; including photographs and fingerprints .
prior to the implementation of the aforesaid plan , the united states raised the alert level against the threat of terrorist attacks across the united states in december last year .
US , north korea take tough stance six - nation talks may be postponed until mid - year
( Agence france - presse , Seoul , 6th ) - south korea said today that due to the tough stance of north korea and the united states , a new round of six - nation nuclear talks may be postponed until the middle of the year .
" I hope the talks will be held in the first half of this year at the latest , " south Korean foreign minister Yoon young - Kwan told reporters when he went to attend a cabinet meeting in the blue house .
Yin Yongkuan made the remarks after washington rejected Pyongyang 's latest request for a major concession in exchange for a nuclear freeze and said the two sides still needed to resolve their serious differences before the nuclear talks .
Yin yongkuan said : the timing of the six participating countries has effectively ruled out the possibility of resuming the six - nation talks in january .
however , he did not provide any clues as to why the new round of talks might be postponed to june or beyond .
Russian deputy foreign minister Rosyukov attributed this to the tough stance of the united states and north korea .
he participated in the first round of six - nation talks held in beijing last august .
after meeting with senior Chinese officials yesterday , Rosyukov told Interfax that &quot; the reasons are the same as in the past - lack of mutual trust and harsh demands from both sides . &quot;
after north korea reiterated its demand for the united states to promise concessions before the new round of six - nation talks , yin yongkuan raised the possibility that the talks would be postponed for a long time .
Washington accused Pyongyang of setting preconditions for a new round of six - nation talks .
the United States is seeking a commitment from North Korea to dismantle its nuclear weapons program .
North korea said it would freeze nuclear facilities if washington lifted economic sanctions against Pyongyang and resumed energy aid .
in the past , north korea also insisted on signing a non - aggression treaty with the united states .
South asia summit concludes with thawing of indian - Pakistani relations
( Agence france - presse , Islamabad , 6 th ) - the south asia summit concluded today . during the summit , india and Pakistan , two hostile nuclear powers , completed breakthrough talks and the participating countries signed a free trade agreement , which is of epoch - making significance to the south asia region .
at the closing session of the 12th south Asian regional cooperation association ( SAARC ) summit , bangladesh prime minister Ms. Gia pointed out : " this summit is an important watershed in strengthening regional cooperation in south asia . "
Indian prime minister Vajpayee and Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf held their first talks since a nuclear war nearly broke out between the two countries in 2002 on the sidelines of the summit meeting yesterday .
the hostility between the two major powers of the south Asian association for regional cooperation has hindered regional development , and leaders of the participating countries are encouraged by the momentum for peace clearly brought about by the historic talks between india and Pakistan .
Pakistani military analyst ma shude told afp : " I think there has been a definite change in the position of india and Pakistan and the two countries are moving forward in the peace process . "
when officially announcing the conclusion of the summit , Pakistani prime minister Jamali praised the important agreements on anti - terrorism , alleviating poverty , and establishing a regional free trade zone from 2006 .
he also praised the summit as " injecting new vitality into regional cooperation . "
the heads of state and foreign ministers of bangladesh , bhutan , india , Maldivif , Nepal , Pakistan , and Sri lanka signed the south asia free trade area ( SAFTA ) agreement , the social charter , the anti-poverty plan , the anti-terrorism agreement , and the " Islamabad declaration " at the summit .
Bush praises NASA &apos;s Mars mission
( Agence france - presse , washington , 6th ) - us president bush today congratulated NASA officials on their mars mission by telephone and praised their work in repairing the scars of the space shuttle columbia disaster .
White House spokesman McClellan told the media : &quot; the President thanked the NASA team for their hard work and resourcefulness , and reaffirmed the great American spirit of adventure . &quot;
Bush said he shared the surprise when the spirit robot returned from the red planet to the first color photograph around its landing site .
McClellan said : " when we saw this dramatic scene , the president was as excited as all Americans .
although , we know that this is only a startling glimpse of the mars scene by spirit . "
McClellan said : &quot; President Bush strongly supports space exploration . at the same time , he thanked all NASA personnel for their efforts , which enabled the United States to maintain its leading position in space exploration and discovery . &quot;
Japanese geisha Yoshiharu Nakamura dies in new york at age 90
( Agence france - presse , Tokyo , july 7 ) - Japanese publisher Kushima news agency announced that Himura Nakamura , who had given up her career as a geisha and moved to the united states for nearly half a century , died in her new york home on the 5 th at the age of 90 .
the caosi society has published 10 works on Happy Spring in Nakamura , including Nakamura 's 1983 autobiographical bestseller " a generation of children of Edo . "
" a generation of Edo artistes " has been translated into eight languages and adapted into tv dramas and stage plays in the country . the book describes Himura Nakamura as the only Japanese geisha who could speak english before world war ii .
many foreign celebrities , including french avant - garde artist Shankotto , comedy leader Chaplin , and us baseball star BABE Ruth , were warmly received by Nakamura during their visit to Tokyo that year .
the caosi society said that Nakamura inspired shankokedo to write a poem , " artistes . "
Nakamura , born to a family of doctors in Tokyo 's Ginza high - class district , became a geisha in the Shinhashi entertainment district at the age of 16 , despite parental opposition , Kusashi said in a statement .
after many years as a geisha in xinqiao , Nakamura married a diplomat in 1940 and soon divorced .
after the war , Nakamura resumed her career as a geisha at xinqiao and immigrated to the united states in 1956 .
in addition to teaching traditional Japanese dance music in the united states , Nakamura also serves as an opera consultant , including lady butterfly .
Nakamura , who has a son , is currently a professor of modern art at the university .
Vietnam airlines opens new route to Frankfurt , Germany
( Agence france - presse , Hanoi , 8th ) - Vietnamese airlines have opened up a two - week flight to Frankfurt , Germany . this is Vietnam 's second flight point in europe after Paris , france , and is also part of Vietnam 's strategy of rapidly expanding its routes .
Vietnam airlines will use Boeing 767 passenger planes to take off from ho chi Minh city every Tuesday and Thursday , passing through Hanoi and Moscow to Frankfurt .
" we have opened this route to serve a large number of Vietnamese nationals residing in Germany , " a Vietnamese airline spokesman said .
Vietnam airlines , which currently has more than 20 international destinations , opened many new routes last year and plans to further expand them .
Vietnam airlines earlier this week announced plans to double its fleet to 70 by 2010 .
despite the outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) and the war in Iraq in 2003 , Vietnam Airlines &apos; passenger capacity increased by 1 per cent to 4.05 million .
Vietnam airlines has set a passenger loading target of 5 million this year , of which foreigners account for about half ( 2.4 million ) .
AIDS child denied admission to school Reverend Minister pleads for justice
( Agence france - presse , Nairobi , 7th ) - frankly speaking , american pastor da Gostino , who presided over the aids orphanage in Nairobi , the capital of Kenya , did not hesitate to take the case against the Kenyan government for the death of a sick child , demanding that public schools be forced to revoke their rejection of aids children .
although an estimated 2.5 million people in the country are infected with hiv , aids and hiv are still taboo topics in Kenya .
Dagotino , who runs the orphanage known as Neubani , which houses many HIV-positive children , claims that many children are excluded from primary school and that the practices of these school authorities are contrary to the Government &apos;s policy of universal compulsory primary education .
Dagostino 's lawyer , Namwamba , said in a court presided over by judge Koume : " refusing to allow children to attend public schools , especially children infected with hiv , is an inhumane , illegal , and serious violation of human rights . education is a basic right . denying these children is an infringement of their rights . "
Dagotino sought a court order to compel public schools to admit children without asking whether they were HIV-positive .
Kenya 's education ministry said through lawyer jasmine that it was not aware of such discrimination , but understood the school 's practice .
Jaswi said that the ministry of education is willing to settle the matter with the Newbani children 's home in the northwest suburbs of Nairobi .
Mr justice Kumer ordered the two sides to negotiate today and report back tomorrow .
the united states plans to release hundreds of Iraqi prisoners
( Agence france - presse , Baghdad ) - iraq 's interim chief executive Bremer , appointed by the us government , announced in a policy speech today that the us - led occupation alliance will release 100 Iraqi prisoners on the 8th and that hundreds more will be restored to freedom in the coming weeks .
Bremmer , accompanied by Iraqi interim governing council chairman Pachachi , also revealed a new reward scheme of up to 200,000 us dollars for assisting the authorities in arresting each of the other priority offenders .
Pachachi praised the aforesaid measures taken by the occupation alliance and said they were the result of strong lobbying by the ruling consultative council .
Pachachi told reporters : &quot; the governing council has long been working to spread a spirit of reconciliation among the Iraqi people . in order to achieve this goal , we ask the coalition to review the issue of prisoners . &quot;
a spokesman for the occupation alliance , who declined to be named , said later that a total of 506 prisoners were expected to be released in the coming weeks .
Bremer told reporters in his short speech : " the alliance will release the first batch of 100 prisoners tomorrow . "
Bremer 's conciliatory gesture comes at a time when the occupation alliance is trying to appease the accumulated resentment of Saddam Hussein 's muslim Sunni society .
Saddam Hussein was captured alive by the us military eight months after fleeing .
Bremer said : " tyrant Saddam Hussein has become a prisoner . most of his pawns have either been killed or arrested . the time has come for reconciliation . "
the conditions of release are that the prisoner &quot; must renounce violence &quot; and find witnesses , such as community figures or religious and tribal leaders , who bear the responsibility for the good behaviour of the released person .
Bremer pointed out that none of those to be released were directly involved in violent incidents or other deadly attacks against the us military , nor in torture or crimes against humanity .
Bremer said those who are about to be released &quot; made mistakes and have come to their senses . &quot; &quot; we are prepared to give some of them a chance to make a fresh start . &quot;
who experts visit Guangzhou to investigate the source of SARS
( Agence france - presse , Guangzhou , 10th ) - the world health organization ( who ) today launched its second investigation operation this year in response to another case of severe acute respiratory syndrome ( SARS ) in southern china .
the who has previously taken action to investigate the first confirmed case of SARS in the mainland in six months .
a who expert team and chinese health authorities conducted a surprise inspection of a seafood and game restaurant in Guangzhou city in an attempt to identify the source of one confirmed case of SARS and another suspected case .
who spokesman Wadia said in Guangzhou , " this trip starts with a review of the information we collected last time ... we will try to combine the pieces of information together . "
at the same time , the chinese government authorities have appealed to the public to put out rodents and other harmful animals that may carry the SARS virus .
health officials targeted the seafood restaurant , a 24 - hour restaurant in the heart of Guangzhou 's old city , where a 20 - year - old waitress was officially diagnosed as a suspected case of SARS late Wednesday .
who expert Brightman said , &quot; We have examined very carefully the possible environmental problems in the restaurant and will investigate further . &quot;
he said : " we talked with the staff of the restaurant and learned about the working methods inside the restaurant . we then visited the place where the food was cooked . environmental experts will continue this work . "
Brightman said it was too early to determine the cause of the disease because experts still had to sort out the research materials .
US openly supports construction of international thermonuclear reactor in japan
( Agence france - presse , Tokyo , 10th ) - the united states publicly supports for the first time the choice of building a multi - billion - dollar " international thermonuclear experimental reactor " ( ITER ) in Aomori prefecture , japan , instead of the french town of Cadarache , and claims that japan can provide superior construction sites .
the ITER is planned to be built in Cardalas , france , or six villages in Aomori prefecture , northern japan .
the project aims to provide an experimental site for simulating solar nuclear fusion , which has been hailed as the cleanest , safest and inexhaustible source of energy in the future .
however , it is generally expected that the aforementioned project will not be able to produce electricity before the year of 2 = 5 = years .
US Secretary of Energy Abraham said at a gathering of Japanese business leaders during his visit to Tokyo , &quot; I am honored to say today that the United States strongly supports the construction of an international thermonuclear experimental reactor in Japan . &quot;
from a technical point of view , you can provide superior sites . "
Abraham said , " the location of the six villages is very suitable for accommodating the huge materials needed for the international thermonuclear experimental reaction . your well - known technology and engineering skills are widely admired around the world . in addition , the local community has clearly welcomed the project and striven to win the selection of the six villages . "
a spokesman for the us embassy in Tokyo confirmed that this was the first time that washington authorities publicly expressed support for japan 's bid to build an international thermonuclear experimental reactor in japan .
an official from the Japanese ministry of education , culture , sports , science and technology said : " we are deeply encouraged by Abraham 's remarks .
" we will continue to work hand in hand with other countries to enable the ITER to be built in six villages . "
Philippine communist party refuses to hold talks with Arroyo government and launch new guerrilla activities
( Agence france - presse , manila , 10th ) - the philippine military said that the communist rebels launched a new wave of rebel attacks , including raiding a power plant and setting fire to a telecommunications tower , killing eight people .
the attacks coincided with a statement issued by a spokesman for the New People &apos;s Army ( NPA ) of the Communist Party of the Philippines , which stated that it would no longer seek peace talks with Philippine President Arroyo &apos;s government and would await the appearance of a successor president .
" we no longer have any hope for peace talks with the Arroyo government , even though Arroyo said they were ready to talk , " new people 's army spokesman Rochard said in a televised interview .
the philippine government originally planned to hold preliminary discussions with the philippines communists later this month on resuming formal peace talks .
Rochard pointed out that the philippine communist party will ask the rival candidates in the Arroyo presidential election in may to put forward their suggestions on resuming peace talks after their election .
Rochard said that the philippine communist party is also prepared to request the removal of the black list of terrorist groups in the united states and europe as a precondition for resuming peace talks .
fifty philippine communist guerrillas attacked government troops in Karaja city power plant and garrison power plant , killing three government soldiers and four new people 's army guerrillas of the philippine communist party on the spot , and injuring seven other government soldiers .
unemployed protest against killing of six civilians by Iraqi police and british troops
( Agence france - presse , Baghdad , 10th ) - six Iraqi civilians were shot dead by police and british troops in a protest in southern iraq today .
meanwhile , Saddam Hussein may face trial within six months after the pentagon claimed he was considered a war criminal .
Baghdad heard three loud explosions within an hour this morning , but the us military said it had not heard the relevant news .
Baghdad was hit by a series of car bombings recently , the most recent of which occurred on december 31 last year when a restaurant with a large number of customers was destroyed , killing eight people and injuring 24 others .
at the same time , the us military also launched a large - scale offensive , known as " operation iron tongs , " to launch artillery attacks on guerrilla strongholds on the outskirts of Baghdad . the sound of gunfire can be heard from time to time in various parts of the capital .
in another development , the us - led coalition forces said today that the crash of a us " black hawk " helicopter in the Fallujah area last week may have been caused by attacks by anti - us guerrillas .
nine people were killed in the incident .
according to coalition forces , in the tense city of Kirkuk , two Iraqi policemen were killed by us military fire by mistake .
meanwhile , hundreds of unemployed people protested in the southern city of Amara , eventually causing police and british troops to fire away , killing at least six people and injuring eight others .
China sends delegation to us to purchase more than $ 2 billion worth of high - tech equipment
( Agence france - presse , beijing , 12th ) - according to official media reports , a chinese procurement delegation to the united states will sign several contracts to purchase more than $ 2 billion worth of high - tech equipment from us manufacturers .
quoting an official from the ministry of information industry , the beijing morning post said the contracts , which will be signed in the united states tomorrow , include Motorola semiconductor manufacturing company , Intel company , and Cisco systems company .
the chinese manufacturers participating in the contract are some of the major telecommunications and computer manufacturers , including china telecom group company and Lenovo group company .
this is the third chinese procurement mission to the united states since november last year .
the move is part of china 's ongoing efforts to reduce its growing trade surplus with the united states .
a us commerce official welcomed the move as it would help reduce the us trade deficit with china , the beijing morning post reported .
according to figures released by the united states , the us trade deficit with china reached 103 billion us dollars the year before last , and is expected to increase to 130 billion us dollars in three years .
Syria refutes Israel 's insincerity in inviting Syrian president to visit
( Agence france - presse , Damascus , 12th ) - Israeli president Nazareth today invited Syrian president Ahmed to visit jerusalem for talks on the peace agreement . Syrian officials refuted the invitation as " insincere " and accused Israeli leaders of trying to evade the middle east peace process based on land for peace .
earlier today , Kazaf said on Israeli public radio : " I invite president Ahmed to come to jerusalem to earnestly negotiate the terms of the peace agreement with Israeli leaders . "
Katzav added : " Arshad will be welcomed , but no preconditions should be set . "
in an interview with CNN , Syrian expatriate affairs minister Shaaban said that Israel must show that it is willing to resume negotiations in the place where the negotiations broke down four years ago .
Sharban pointed out that Katzav 's move was not a " serious response " to president Ahmed 's call for resuming contacts with Israel last month . he also accused president Katzav of merely trying to gain media exposure .
the official Syrian news agency , SANA , quoted unnamed senior officials as accusing the Israeli president of attempting to circumvent the Middle East peace process based on land for peace .
the official said , &quot; This is not a question of visiting or taking the initiative . Israel &apos;s recent statements are aimed at evading the peace process . &quot;
the official added , &quot; Partial solutions and measures cannot bring peace to the Middle East region . &quot;
in previous talks with Arshad 's late father , old Arshad , then Israeli prime minister Barrick agreed to withdraw almost completely from the golan heights , retaining only a narrow corridor adjacent to the eastern coast of the sea of Galilee .
however , the Damascus authorities refused to accept the proposal , hoping that Israel would return all of the Golan Heights land seized in the 1967 war and annexed in 1981 .
rift in the command system of the largest rebel group in Liberia deepens
( Agence france - presse , Monrovia , 12th ) - - after the ouster of " LURD " leader Conneh , the main rebel group in Riberia has become increasingly contentious over control . a rebel leader maintains that Conneh is still in power .
LURD rose up in 1999 against former President Taylor &apos;s regime , ignited four years of civil war in Liberia , and took control of about four fifths of the country .
in mid - august last year , Taylor agreed to go into exile in nigeria to pave the way for a peace and co - rule agreement in the west african country , under which the former government , rebels and opposition parties formed a transitional government .
however , a group claiming to be the " military high command " of LURD accused Connor of betraying LURD 's position in the transitional government and filling his own pockets , and announced a few days ago that they had endorsed Connor 's divorced wife , Aisha Keta Connor , as their leader .
however , the founder of LURD , who is currently the Speaker of the Transitional Parliament , Dewey , insisted that only the National Executive Committee of LURD has the power to remove the leader of the organization .
he told the media the night before yesterday : &quot; I founded LURD in Nigeria . I can assure the people of Liberia that LURD is not divided and nothing can undermine the peace process . &quot;
Dewey blames the internal discord in LURD on the behind-the-scenes manipulation of Transitional Government leader Brian and other senior LURD leaders serving in the Transitional Government .
businessman Brian was appointed to lead the war @-@ ravaged country to a five @-@ year general election in Okinawa last October .
Dewey accused the Minister of Justice , Transport and Labour , with Bryan &apos;s support , of colluding with Aisha Connor in promising that she would step down and lead LURD .
he warned that if Bryan continued to violate the peace agreement , the warring factions would return to Accra , where the peace treaty had been drafted , and assemble to discuss the possibility of replacing Bryan .
former US boxer accuses boxing promotion company of bribing him to release water
( Agence france - presse , new york , 12th ) - new york daily news reported that former us boxer Ross said that us professional boxing promotion company tolampk company staff offered us $ 5,000 in bribes to him to release water during the competition .
the Torrampke company , run by Alam , is under investigation by the FBI .
the 34 - year - old Ross said that a few weeks before a boxing match with fellow " bean " athlete ash was held in december 1995 , two Torrampke company representatives came to his home .
Ross told the newspaper : " shortly after noon , i was resting at home . someone knocked on my house door . I saw two white employees of the Torrampke company through the doorway . they wanted to talk to me about the fight against the beans . "
" they said : " we brought you some money , not a small sum of money . they wanted me to put water in the game and told me not to beat the beans . "
Ross told investigators about the 1995 incident , which was part of a 20 - month investigation into us boxing fraud .
Ross refused to take bribes and knocked down the undefeated Ashley in the second round of the fight at Madison garden square .
the new york daily news rushed to ash 's residence in Alabama and asked him if he believed Ross 's story . Ashe defended the Torrampke company and said : " Ross is not strong enough . why do you want a boxer with a record of one victory and six defeats to release water ? I do n't think Torrampke would break the law . "
on the 6 th , the federal bureau of investigation went to the headquarters of toranopouk company in las Vegas for a temporary inspection , confiscating financial and medical documents and computers .
according to the report , the FBI is also collecting evidence on the winning or losing of a scheduled boxing match , including a championship match between Mosley and Hoya in september .
US wants Asian countries to rid themselves of fear of mad cow disease
( Agence france - presse , manila , 14th ) - us agricultural officials said that despite a mad cow disease outbreak in the united states last month , Asian countries will soon be able to eat us beef at ease .
however , several Asian countries , including japan and south korea , immediately banned or restricted the import of us beef .
US officials said yesterday that the relevant units have expanded their investigation into mad cow disease and that beef from the original mad cow disease site has not been exported . in addition , the relevant units have been stepping up quarantine and strictly preventing explosive mad cow disease in the past 10 years .
mad cow disease , also known as bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( BSE ) , is associated with human spongiform encephalopathy ( Koujia &apos;s disease ) , which leads to vacuolation of the human brain .
" we are very optimistic that these Asian countries will further reduce the scope of the existing ban in the next month or so , " said green , director of the Asian affairs department of the us department of agriculture , at a press conference in manila .
green added : &quot; we have assured all Asian countries of the safety of US beef . &quot;
he said that the Japanese delegation is visiting the united states to learn on - the - spot about us measures to prevent mad cow disease .
South korea tightens quarantine measures against bird flu
( Agence france - presse , Seoul , 14th ) - south Korean officials said south korea has stepped up quarantine work to curb the further spread of bird flu after nine days of no incident .
South korea 's agriculture ministry said an enhanced quarantine zone had been set up near a chicken farm in the Ryangsan area , 390 kilometers southeast of Seoul .
health officials detected the bird flu virus in the area on Monday .
this is the first confirmed case of avian influenza virus in south korea in nine days .
the highly contagious poultry disease is apparently under control after an outbreak of bird flu in 15 parts of south korea last month forced authorities to cull nearly two million chickens and ducks .
Kim Chang-seok , director of the animal health section of the south Korean ministry of health ( transliteration ) , said : " we cull all chickens in the epidemic area and strictly restrict the movement of these poultry . "
the emergence of new cases of bird flu has prompted south Korean government officials to step up quarantine in other areas .
Kim Chang - Suk said the bird flu virus can survive for two weeks in the dust and at least 35 days in poultry feces .
Bush narrowly defends free trade zone plan at americas summit
( Agence france - presse , Monterrey , mexico , 13th ) - us president bush 's ambitious plan to establish a free trade zone in the americas next year was reluctantly supported by the leaders of 33 other countries at the summit of the americas today .
however , there were divergent views among the participating countries on how to combat the growing poverty problem in the western hemisphere , and the united states failed to include an anti - corruption clause in the final communique .
the free trade zone of the americas stretches from Alaska in the north to argentina in the south . it is claimed to be the largest free trade zone in the world , with a total market population of about 800 million and a total production volume of as high as $ 13 trillion .
however , at the end of the two - day summit , Argentine president Kissina issued a statement criticizing the us plan , saying that the problems in the americas could not be solved by establishing a free trade zone alone .
Brazil , south america 's largest economy , and Venezuela , a major oil supplier to the united states , opposed the inclusion of the free trade area of the americas ( FTAA ) issue on the agenda of the summit . however , after intense discussions , the leaders of the countries announced their agreement to complete negotiations on the establishment of the FTAA before january of two years ago .
Iran &apos;s political rivalry intensifies , and reformers are threatening the government &apos;s resignation .
( Agence france - presse , Tehran , 13th ) - iran 's reformists fought against powerful conservatives over the issue of disqualification from running in the national assembly election . a number of cabinet ministers threatened to collectively hang the crown today , unless conservatives backed down on banning reformist candidates from running in the election .
Satarifa , one of the vice presidents , warned that the government as a whole could resign if it failed to curb attempts by the Guardian Council to disqualify thousands of candidates from running for parliament on february 20 .
Satarifa said : &quot; if the government believes that it cannot fulfill its duty of protecting the rights of citizens and holding free elections , continuing to govern will not be an option . &quot;
the governors of 27 Iranian provinces have also sent word to resign collectively . sources close to president Khatami revealed that at least 10 ministers have already prepared to resign .
however , reports in the media that moderate - mannered president Khatami was preparing to resign from office were denied by Khatami 's aides .
angry reformist lawmakers continued a third day of sit-in at the parliament building , saying they would not hesitate to sit in silence for weeks .
eighty - three reformist lawmakers were disqualified from running for re - election .
Iran news agency ( IRNA ) said that members of parliament have challenged the Guardian Council of the Constitution to revoke the previous disqualification ruling .
the 12 - member guardian council is an unelected political supervisory organ and a bastion of anti - reform religious right - wing forces .
Iran 's nobel peace prize winner , who has long been hated by hardliners , also said she would visit parliament to express her support for the reformist sit - ins .
new zealand currency appreciation does not affect business confidence in new zealand
( Agence france - presse , Wellington , 15th ) - according to the latest quarterly survey report released by the new zealand economic research center , despite the negative impact of the new zealand dollar 's rise , business circles remain deeply confident in new zealand .
the report pointed out that only 2 percent of companies were pessimistic about the business environment in the next six months , compared with 3 percent and 20 percent respectively in the first two quarters of this year .
the above - mentioned research center pointed out that according to various indicators of the survey report , there was solid economic growth in the fourth quarter of last year , with the activities of the business sector itself increasing by 31 percent .
however , according to the forward - looking indicators , new zealand 's economic growth can be expected to " continue to decline moderately in the next few quarters . "
the rapid appreciation of the new zealand dollar in the past three months has widened the confidence gap between exporters and non - exporters , said economist Jadina of the new zealand economic research center .
eleven per cent of manufacturing and construction exporters expect the outlook to deteriorate in the next six months , while another 14 per cent of non - exporters are optimistic about the outlook for the next six months .
the new zealand dollar has appreciated 30 percent in the past two years .
Eko &apos;s resignation as treasurer and head of North America raises concerns
( Agence france - presse , Zurich , 16th ) - Weber , chief financial officer and head of the us operations of Adecco , the world 's largest temporary employment agency , has resigned after the company reported accounting problems , raising concerns that another corporate scandal is about to unfold .
Weber played down this week the delay in the release of the company 's annual financial statement , which was due on february 4 , but was delayed due to the discovery of " major weaknesses in internal controls " in the business of yingding manpower company in north america .
Weber will be temporarily represented by accountant general Carnot .
Elita , chief executive of Ecole manpower company , also resigned and will be replaced by Marcel , chairman of Ecole france , which is also the largest single national company of overseas companies in the group .
in addition , after leaving office , former CEO Brownmer has switched to the more advisory role of chairman . now he will take over the actual operation , take over the troubled company , and let current CEO Carey " concentrate on managing the daily business . "
the dealer said that the company 's stock was once again under pressure due to changes in the company 's top management .
at 0940 hours , yeco 's shares fell 3.6 percent , slightly stabilizing from the opening plunge , while the Swiss stock market rose 20.3 percent at the same time .
after announcing on Monday that its annual financial statements would be delayed , eco 's stock market was in a turbulent trend .
Japan sets 10 - year target for balanced budget
( Agence france - presse , Tokyo , 16th ) - Japanese finance minister sadakazu tanigaki said today that he is confident that the world 's second largest economy will be able to extricate itself from a " fiscal crisis " and straighten out its finances within 10 years .
Mr tanigaki said the combined deficit between the central and local governments amounted to 5 percent of japan 's gross domestic product ( gdp ) and could be eliminated within 10 years if it were reduced by an average of 0.5 percent annually .
he told a group of reporters : " Japan 's fiscal situation is still in crisis .
" in terms of ( financial ) flows and reserves , our position is the worst among the major industrialized countries . "
Japan has formally set a target of turning the " original deficit " into " original surplus " for the year ending in march 2014 - for the first time in more than 20 years , multi - level fiscal balance will be achieved .
this is the first time that the government led by prime minister Junichiro Koizumi has given japan a clear goal of regaining an " original surplus . " under such circumstances , taxes exceed expenditures excluding debt-servicing expenses .
the last time japan recorded such a surplus was in the year before march 1992 , ending six consecutive years of surplus .
TSE approves Shin Sing bank 's listing application
( Agence france - presse , Tokyo , 16th ) - the Tokyo stock exchange said today that it had approved Shinsei bank 's application for listing on the Tokyo stock exchange , and Shinsei bank 's shares will start trading on february 19 .
the new bank , which was taken over and restructured by us investment fund Ripplewood Holding , will offer 242 million shares for domestic investors to subscribe to and 198 million shares for overseas investors to invest in .
the initial public offering price will be decided on february 9th .
Shinshin bank has also prepared 36.3 million shares for possible oversubscription in response to the possibility that some of the subscriptions may not be completed .
Shinsei bank , formerly known as the japan long - term credit bank , was taken over by the state in 1998 after its bankruptcy , and the reformed shinsei bank has already provided retail financial services .
Shinsei bank expects net profit to reach 65 billion yen ( 613 million us dollars ) for the year ending march 2004 , up 22.6 percent from the previous year , recurrent interest to 60 billion yen , up 76.5 percent , and total revenue to 175 billion yen , down 13 percent .
Shin Seng bank also said that the total amount of bad debts at the end of last month was 132.3 billion yen , down from 154.2 billion yen three months ago .
41,000 dead in earthquake in iran 's ancient city of Bam
( Agence france - presse , Tehran , 16th ) - a spokesman for iran 's supreme religious leader Hamini said today that the death toll from the massive earthquake that hit the ancient city of Bam on december 26 last year has reached 41,000 , and the final death toll may reach as high as 45,000 .
the original estimated death toll was between 30,000 and 35,000 .
Mohammad Ghepegani , director of the Hamini office , told the Iranian state news agency ( IRA ) : " at present , the death toll from the earthquake disaster in the city of Bam has reached 41,000 , and the final death toll may reach 45,000 . "
the Iranian news agency quoted him as saying : " this is a tragic disaster . "
he also vowed that the government would speed up the reconstruction efforts .
about 30,000 people were injured in the Bam earthquake .
the government has opened tenders for the reconstruction of Bam city to Iranians and foreign companies , a senior provincial official said Tuesday .
tens of thousands of anti-nuclear demonstrators march in Paris
( Agence france - presse , Paris , 17th ) - as many as 15,000 anti - nuclear activists marched in Paris against a new generation of reaction furnaces , accusing the police of causing trouble by allowing another anti - school rally to ban the wearing of religious headscarves .
the main target of these anti - nuclear demonstrations is the european pressurized water reactor ( EPWR ) , the first of which will be built in Finland by a consortium including french state - owned Areva group and german engineering giant Siemens , at a cost of 3 billion euros ( 3.7 billion us dollars ) .
France , one of the world 's most nuclear - dependent countries , is expected to approve the reactor in the near future , replacing part of the 58 nuclear power plants that produce 80 percent of the country 's electricity and are close to termination of service .
" the true resurgence of nuclear energy is in front of us , " said end nuclear network spokesman Lom , who organized the demonstration .
Lom criticized the police for allowing another rally , adding : " we believe the interior ministry is looking for trouble . "
the French Ministry of the Interior is responsible for municipal policing .
the rally , which started near the same time in Paris , attracted thousands of people to protest the government 's plan to ban the wearing of islamic headscarves and other " visible " religious symbols on schools .
according to the organizers , the number of anti - nuclear demonstrators exceeded 15,000 . according to police estimates , there were no more than 6,000 people . they piled tin cans into a gold tower in the square to criticize what they called the " radiation waste scandal left to future generations . "
Baghdad suicide bomber killed 23 , wounded 95
( Agence france - presse , Baghdad , 18th ) - according to the us military and Iraqi hospitals , the number of people killed in the suicide car bomb attack that blew up the gate of the us military headquarters in Baghdad this morning has increased to 23 , and the number of injured has also increased to 95 .
" we have received three dead and 30 injured , " said Dr. Juma of the Karama hospital .
the latest casualty report added another three deaths .
a us military spokesman said earlier that 18 people were reported killed and 28 injured in the us military hospital , including 16 Iraqis and two us defense department staff members .
in addition , an emergency doctor pointed out that two people died at Baghdad 's Yamouk hospital .
no deaths were reported in other local hospitals , but a total of 37 injuries were reported in Yamouk , Kindi and neurosurgical hospitals .
the aforesaid us military spokesman confirmed that 22 Iraqi civilians , four us contractors , and two us soldiers were treated in the us military hospital .
it is not known whether the death toll also includes suicide bombers .
the continuous decline of labor force is bound to hit economic production in the eu and japan .
( Agence france - presse , Davos , Switzerland , 19th ) - a research report published today by the world economic forum ( WEF ) and consulting firm Watson Wyatt Worldwide pointed out that due to the shrinking labor force , the proportion of european union output value in the global economic output value will be nearly halved by the end of the year .
in contrast , abundant labor in developing countries such as india and china should help boost economic growth .
" labor force growth and productivity will determine economic output .
in countries with large labor shortages , the supply of goods and services may not meet the demand and standard of living . "
the report , entitled &quot; Living Happier : the Economic Impact of an Aging Society , &quot; points out that due to the increase in human longevity due to advances in medical care , the increasing number of retirees , especially in developed countries , is bound to have a direct impact on economic production compared with the labor force .
a statement issued in response to the research report pointed out : " assuming that the current demographic and economic trends remain unchanged , the proportion of the european union in the global gross economic product will be reduced from the current 18 percent to 10 percent by the end of the second half of the year . "
the statement also warned that " japan 's share will shrink from 8 percent to 4 percent . "
damage to artwork by Israeli ambassador to sweden sparks diplomatic dispute between the two countries
( Agence france - presse , Stockholm , 18th ) - a controversy over the destruction of an art work of the Swedish national museum of history commemorating palestinian suicide bombers by Israeli ambassador to sweden Mazel has today evolved into a comprehensive diplomatic controversy due to the intervention of Israeli prime minister Sharon .
when ambassador Mazel visited an art exhibition at the Stockholm antiquities museum last friday , he saw an artwork showing pictures of suicide bombers in Haifa in october last year , which was deliberately vandalized and driven away by the embassy authorities , triggering a diplomatic clash between Israel and sweden .
Sweden rejected Israel 's request for sweden to remove the work .
the incident was widely reported in Swedish newspapers .
the exhibition is part of an international conference on genocide to be hosted by the Swedish government and will be attended by Israel .
video footage from the scene showed the Israeli ambassador forcefully pulling down a spotlight at the venue and throwing it into water , causing the work to short - circuit , after which the museum curator ordered ambassador Mazir to leave the museum .
Israeli prime minister Sharon backed Mazir today , turning the incident into an all - out diplomatic dispute .
the artwork on display is mainly a boat named " snow white " sailing in the sea , and a picture of Hannadi Jaradad smiling is inserted in the bow of the boat as a sail .
Hanadi , a palestinian trainee lawyer living in Israel , launched a suicide bomb attack in Haifa in northern Israel last october in retaliation for her brother 's death by Israelis , killing 21 Israelis and sparking a new wave of clashes between Israelis and Palestinians .
Mazir said : " I can not bear this artwork , which is also a great injury to the families of the victims of the Haifa bombing . as the Israeli ambassador , i cannot remain indifferent to such a reversal of facts . "
Democratic Party Calls Baghdad Bombings Evidence of Failure of US Policy toward Iraq
( Agence france - presse , washington , 18th ) - us democratic candidates seeking to replace bush in the white house pointed out today that the latest suicide bombing attack in Baghdad , which caused heavy casualties , is evidence of the failure of us policy toward iraq .
the attack , which killed at least 25 people and injured about 30 others , was the deadliest attack in Baghdad since the us occupation of iraq .
Bush 's democratic opponents lashed out at bush 's iraq policy , and some said the attack was the latest evidence of bush 's failure in his iraq policy .
North Carolina senator Edwards told CBS : " our current policy has failed . I do n't know why the government is not willing to change its practice . "
he said : " obviously , the first thing we need to do is to internationalize the Iraqi security forces and the other thing is to hand over the transitional government to the united nations . "
former president Carter said in a public appearance with democratic candidate Dean that the war in iraq led by the united states " has proved not only to be based on erroneous intelligence and misleading statements , " and the latest attacks " continue to show that this is a tragedy . "
Dean has made the war against Iraq his main campaign axis .
Iraqi guerrillas use high - tech weapons against us helicopters
( Agence france - presse , washington , 18th ) - senior us military figures said that Iraqi rebels attacked us helicopters with increasingly sophisticated weapons .
a group of senior military officials familiar with a classified military report told the new york times today that a classified military study found that Iraqi guerrillas attacked us helicopters using rocket - propelled grenades and more advanced heat - tracking surface - to - air missiles .
they said that this was done before iraq launched three attacks on us military helicopters this month , but the last three attacks will only confirm the findings of the study .
the main purpose of the military research report is to provide ways for us pilots to evade attacks by such weapons as Iraqi guerrillas , and relevant officials are reluctant to discuss the newly discovered contents .
however , judging from the method of the new wave of attacks in iraq , one cannot help but worry that the Iraqi guerrillas have carefully studied the combat mode of the us aircraft .
the researchers found that the Iraqi guerrillas had used the sa - 16 shoulder missile on more than one occasion , which was particularly worrying .
it is very difficult for pilots to avoid such missiles with precision navigation systems .
a senior us airman in the Persian gulf region said : " every time our plane is shot down , it is a great strategic victory for the enemy .
not only did the news spread wildly , but the winner and loser also made a verdict . therefore , the enemy thought this was a very useful trick . "
since october 25 last year , nine us helicopters have been shot down or fallen , killing at least 49 us troops .
Carter praises Dean on the eve of the Democratic primary in Iowa
( Agence france - presse , plains , georgia , 18th ) - former us president Carter praised candidate Dean , former Vermont governor , for his " courageous and frank " opposition to the iraq war on the eve of the democratic presidential candidate 's first primary election within the Iowa party .
Carter told reporters in his hometown of Plain , Georgia : &quot; I have always been particularly grateful to Governor Dean for his courageous and frank posture and stance from the beginning . &quot;
the nobel peace prize winner said : " over the past year and a half , i have spent a lot of time strongly opposing this totally unnecessary and unjust iraq war .
despite my great efforts , this war has already started , and at present , the war has proved to be based not only on erroneous intelligence and misleading statements , but also continues to show that it is a tragedy . "
Carter praised Dean as a strong " champion of peace . " although he did not formally endorse Dean in his statement , us television stations all reported Carter 's remarks .
as a former governor of the left - leaning northern state , Dean may be at a disadvantage in the southern states in the face of a middle - of - the - road , retired Arkansas general Clark , but Carter 's support may increase his chances of winning in the conservative , religious - minded southern states .
Carter said in a recent television interview that he thought Dean was the most likely candidate for the democratic party to confront bush .
Democrats criticize Bush for creating a new axis of evil
( Agence france - presse , washington , 21st ) - the opposition democratic party in the united states accused president bush on the evening of the 20th of leading the united states into isolation from the outside world and accused bush 's policy of creating a new " axis of evil . "
house democratic leader Pelosi criticized the loss of life and money caused by last year 's use of troops in iraq when the democratic party replayed the presidential advisory speech .
since it is the presidential election year in the united states ( the us presidential election is scheduled to take place on november 2 this year ) , the democratic party has given bush a particularly heavy hand .
Clark , one of the leading contenders for the democratic party 's presidential nomination , said bush had created his own " axis of evil . "
Bush coined the term " axis of evil " in his national situation consultation two years ago to describe some countries that threaten the united states .
Clark said : &quot; that is the axis of accounting policies that threaten our future , foreign policies that threaten our security , and domestic policies that kill families . &quot;
US urges Iranian authorities to allow free and fair parliamentary elections
( Agence france - presse , washington , 21st ) - the political crisis between iran 's religious conservative forces and reformists triggered by the issue of the qualification of candidates for the parliamentary election continues to rage . the united states once again calls on iran to ensure that this february election is free and fair .
State Department Deputy Spokesman Erelli said : &quot; we believe that it is important for Iranian leaders to allow free and fair elections through an electoral process that meets international standards . the Iranian government must respond to the needs of the people . &quot;
Erelli pointed out : " the political situation in iran is evolving and there are many developments every day . we are closely and carefully watching its situation . "
Ereli made the above remarks when asked by reporters about the resignation of a cabinet minister and vice president of the Iranian government .
according to reports , some cabinet ministers and vice presidents of iran 's reformist government under president Khatami resigned in protest at the large number of reformist candidates who were banned from running in the parliamentary elections to be held on the 20 th of next month .
three killed in Japanese plane crash in residential area
( Agence france - presse , Tokyo , 22nd ) - a small plane crashed into a residential area in central japan 's Yamanashi prefecture today , killing all three people on board . fortunately , nearby homes , a kindergarten , and a hospital were " miraculously " spared .
the Cessna 172p single engine plane , piloted by a 32 - year - old man , crashed in a small car park in Yamamoto , an emergency official of the Yamashiro prefecture government said .
one of the passengers killed was a photographer who took pictures of children queuing up in a line outside a local kindergarten from the air .
the kindergarten is only 100 metres from the plane crash site .
Yamamoto said : " the small plane crashed next to several families and a hospital , killing all three people on board .
it was a miracle that the plane did not crash into a home or hospital .
the wind was strong and the oil was leaking if the plane crashed at home or in the hospital .
it &apos;s bound to start a fire . &quot;
the plane took off from Tiaobu airport in western Tokyo this morning and is scheduled to return in two hours , an aviation official from the ministry of transport said .
the cause of the crash is not yet known .
NASA says spirit lost track of Mars rover
( Agence france - presse , washington , 22nd ) - us national aeronautics and space administration ( NASA ) officials said today that NASA has lost contact with the us spirit probe that landed on mars due to a serious malfunction .
Sessinger , director of the Mars rover mission , said : &quot; we have found very serious anomalies in the rover . &quot;
NASA said yesterday that the thunderstorms over australia had prevented scientists from transmitting daily instructions to the spirit .
however , experts now believe that more serious problems have caused the interruption of contacts .
the spirit rover arrived on january 3 and began searching the red planet last week for signs of life in the past .
spirit &apos;s twin rover Opportunity is scheduled to land during the night from January 24 to 25 .
the mission cost us $ 820 million , and it was originally expected that both solar - powered probes would be operational for about three months .
US , japan , ROK optimistic about resumption of talks with north korea
( Agence france - presse , washington , 22nd ) - the united states said today that it was " very optimistic " about resuming multinational talks as soon as possible to end the north Korean nuclear standoff . however , the united states also said that there had been only some progress in urging Pyongyang to return to the conference table .
Kelly , the top us foreign official in charge of asia - pacific affairs , said : " we believe that there is great hope for resuming the six - party talks very soon , but at present we do not have any definite date . "
Kelly met with senior Japanese and south Korean officials to discuss the north Korean nuclear development situation . he said that the possibility of holding a second round of talks is still very high and will definitely lead north korea to agree to dismantle its nuclear program in the end .
Kelly told reporters : " we think it is extremely possible to continue the six - party talks . "
however , he said , the agreement reached should be comprehensive and include assurances that Pyongyang is willing to accept verification in order to completely abolish the uranium enrichment program , the reprocessing of plutonium , and existing atomic weapons .
North korea has shown us unofficial representatives what they call plutonium , but denied possession of any uranium enrichment program and refuted us claims that Pyongyang admitted to having a uranium enrichment program at the 2002 talks .
who confirms Vietnam 's sixth bird flu death
( Agence france - presse , Hanoi , 24th ) - the world health organization ( who ) confirmed the sixth bird flu death case in Vietnam today . a 13 - year - old boy in ho chi Minh city , southern Vietnam , has died from bird flu virus infection .
this is the first confirmed case of bird flu deaths in southern Vietnam .
Vietnam 's health officials announced earlier that the sixth bird flu case had died , bringing the death toll to at least six and raising concerns about the spread of the virus to humans .
the boy tested positive for avian influenza H5N1 and was confirmed to have contracted the virus .
the boy died of illness at ho chi Minh city 's no. 2 children 's hospital on january 22 , the head of ho chi Minh city health bureau , Nguyen Duc Duan , told afp today .
he was sent to hospital on the 19 th with respiratory symptoms .
the who also said that it is currently following the development of the epidemic together with the Vietnamese authorities .
another Vietnamese health official pointed out that on the 22 nd , a sister died of a serious respiratory disease in a hospital in Hanoi , and health authorities suspected that the two were also victims of avian influenza .
millions of chickens suffer from bird flu in indonesia
( Agence france - presse , Jakarta , 25th ) - indonesia 's agriculture ministry announced today that the bird flu epidemic has killed millions of chickens , but so far there have been no cases of human infection .
no one in indonesia has been infected with the potentially deadly disease so far , said sudaga , director of the animal affairs department of the ministry of agriculture .
six people have died in Vietnam after bird flu outbreaks in seven countries in the Asian region .
Indonesian officials said earlier that bird flu , which was prevalent in poultry in java and Tahrir island last november , was Newcastle disease .
a spokesman for the ministry of agriculture said here today that there are no signs of bird flu in indonesia .
in the evening , he told Agence France-Presse that it was not clear whether the outbreak was caused by the H5N1 virus .
the majority of avian influenza deaths in Viet Nam have been caused by infection with the H5N1 virus .
the spokesman said that the new town disease , together with avian influenza type a , had killed 4.7 million poultry since november last year .
about 60 per cent of them died from Newcastle disease .
he said no immediate culling operation had been ordered .
the Indonesian state news agency quoted sudaga as saying that the authorities have used british and Australian sera to determine the type of virus , but the test results may not be available until Wednesday or Thursday , after which the government will submit a report to relevant international organizations .
snow covers northwestern europe causing major traffic and transport disruption
( Agence france - presse , Paris , 29th ) - the snowstorm covered most of western and northern europe , causing great traffic and railway chaos and forcing the cancellation of hundreds of flights in britain , Germany , and denmark .
in london , more than 200 flights were canceled last night as a result of snow cover , and 80 flights were canceled early this morning , an airport spokesman said .
two other airports near london , Gatwick and stansted , were also affected by snow and 18 flights were cancelled due to weather conditions .
in Germany , winter weather has led to the cancellation of at least 60 flights to Frankfurt international airport , the largest airport in Germany .
transport authorities said the departure of dozens of other flights to Frankfurt could affect air traffic throughout the day .
in france , road traffic restrictions were imposed in Paris after a snowfall last night , but similar measures in other parts of france were lifted this morning .
services at Paris 's main airport are reported to be close to normal , with delays at Charles de Gaulle airport due to snow and fog yesterday .
however , the Paris airport authorities advise passengers travelling by air to make sure that their flights take off and land on time before going out .
apart from the coast in the middle of the earth , most of france is covered with snow .
as both Taiwan and japan are democratic countries , they have an obligation and even greater responsibility to make joint efforts to consolidate democracy in asia .
in order to propagate democratic values , the chinese government will set up a " Taiwan democracy foundation " in the near future , of which international cooperation among political parties is one of the focal points .
the democratic progressive party hopes to join hands with democratic parties in various countries to share its experience in democratic development with other countries , to contribute to peace , stability , and prosperity in asia , and to realize the ideal of the " Asian democratic alliance " at an early date .
today , when the international situation is changing rapidly , the ups and downs of regional forces affect the whole body , and the security of all countries is put to the test .
as far as the asia - pacific region is concerned , since the united states launched a war against iraq last month , the nuclear - armed and self - respecting north korea has repeatedly tested missiles and overflew japan 's territorial airspace , and china has long actively expanded its armament and deployed ballistic missiles to target Taiwan .
all this has posed a serious threat to the security of Taiwan , japan , and the asia - pacific region .
these issues , which have a bearing on the consolidation of democracy and the maintenance of security , require formal security mechanisms to be discussed and resolved .
today 's meeting is the first formal dialogue on security issues between the democratic progressive party , Taiwan 's ruling party , and the ruling liberal democratic party of japan and members of other political parties . the importance of this is self - evident .
I also hope that in addition to the bilateral dialogues between Taiwan and japan , the united states , japan , south korea , and other neighboring countries in the asia - pacific region will be able to cooperate in promoting the establishment of a " security dialogue mechanism , " and support Taiwan 's participation in regional polygonal dialogue organizations to implement the spirit of " cooperative security . "
today is an important moment to inspire us to continue on the road of reform , and we affirm to the greatest extent that all comrades within the party can embody the will of the party and work together to realize the reform goals .
" withdrawal of a political party from the radio and television media " is the most basic requirement for implementing media reform . it is also an idea that the democratic progressive party has always adhered to . ruling the country will only accelerate the pace of reform , not obstruct or burden it .
we also know that in order to promote this goal , it is a small step , but also a crucial step , for the comrades in the party and public office within the party to be the first to withdraw from media operations .
in the era of media monopoly during the martial law period , many comrades in the party successively threw themselves into the arduous task of setting up a fourth station and a local radio station in order to strive for an open space for public opinion . through this method , they hoped to break through existing restrictions and increase the driving force for the transformation of the media environment .
for example , comrade Tsai tongrong put a lot of effort into the birth of the fourth wireless television station in those years and finally gave birth to " popular television . "
this move has a considerable impact on the overall media environment , especially breaking the long - term monopoly of the three stations and creating more space for cable television stations to develop .
however , we must understand that because of the limitations of the historical environment , there are many things that cannot be otherwise done in the process of promoting reform . therefore , today , when the media space is fully open and free , the tasks representing the stage have been accomplished , and in order for the reform process to continue , there must be sacrifices and sacrifices .
the standing committee of the CPC central committee announced that all comrades in public office of the party will withdraw from the operation of the radio and television media before the next session of the legislative yuan , that is , before 5 september , in order to set an example to fulfill their commitments to the people .
we are very pleased that all comrades who have taken the party 's ideals and goals as their thinking , including Cai tongrong , Zhang junhong , zhou qingyu , Hou shuisheng , Gao mengding , Huang naihui , and shen minggong , who have made great contributions to the democratic movement , have been able to abandon their egos and put emphasis on promoting media reform .
ruling is not the enjoyment of power , but an increase in responsibility .
in the course of taking office , the democratic progressive party may suffer setbacks and bumps . we can always turn challenges into momentum for progress , steadily lead Taiwan to construct a project of deepening democracy , and at the same time link up with the universal values of global democracy , peace , and prosperity .
this is because we always believe that the people are the masters of this country , and the responsibility of the democratic progressive party is to elevate the founding spirit of " being honest , diligent , and loving the native land " to a bright vision of " reform , progress , and a good life , " and to lay the foundation for lasting peace and stability for the 23 million Taiwanese .
for a long time , the democratic progressive party has played the role of " separate government " in its efforts to expand Taiwan 's foreign relations , creating brilliant results .
despite the continuous suppression by the chinese communists , we have never retreated , because our destiny is in our own hands . even without abundant resources , the democratic progressive party has made one step at a time and expanded the space for Taiwan 's international participation .
" pluralistic diplomacy " is the main axis of the overall foreign policy strategy of the democratic progressive party . over the past year , using the " Asian liberal democratic alliance " as a platform , we have successfully shared our experiences and exchanged views with political parties in the region on economic challenges , democratic reform of political parties , the elimination of money politics , the resolution of globalization and poverty , political propaganda and communication , and youth participation in politics .
in march next year , i will formally take over the chairmanship of the " alliance for freedom and democracy in asia , " hoping to create more opportunities for Taiwan to contribute to the international community as the leader of an international organization .
in addition , the Democratic Progressive Party has also actively participated in relevant meetings since it became a full member of the &quot; International Freedom League &quot; last year .
in addition to serving as the human rights commissioner in the secretariat of the london headquarters , he will also hold seminars on political reforms in central and south america , europe , and other places in cooperation with other member political parties .
on september 28 , our party celebrated its 17 th birthday .
along the way , the 17 - year - old democratic progressive party has always adhered to democratic ideals and is full of forces for reform and progress .
because we have always been on the side of democratic reform , we can win the trust of the Taiwan people , and because of this , the responsibilities and missions that we will shoulder in the future will be more serious and important .
when we took over as the ruling party three years ago , the previous ruling party had already gone through six roundabout constitutional amendments in the 1990 s .
the series of twists and turns in the process of amending the constitution from handling the general election of the national assembly in 1991 , the direct presidential election in 1994 , the freezing of provincial government organizations in 1997 , and the establishment of the national assembly in 2000 are , in fact , the trajectory of the Taiwan people in strengthening sovereignty and democratic legitimacy .
if we regard the direct election of the president in 1996 as the most important symbol for Taiwan to become a sovereign and independent democratic country , then by 2006 this " complete " country will be 10 years old .
after 10 years of practice , we must think about what we want to pursue next as a democratic country with independent sovereignty .
I must say that in the next stage , we should further pursue the deepening of democracy and a more efficient constitutional system in order to lead the Taiwan people to accept the grim challenges of the new century .
Asia is the world 's largest continent , with an area of nearly 30 percent of the world 's land mass . at present , its population accounts for 60 percent of the world 's total population and one - fourth of the world 's total economy . it should and can make outstanding contributions to world peace and development .
Asia has a long and splendid culture . the Yellow and Yangtze river basins , the Indus and Ganges basins , the Euphrates and the Tigris basins are famous birthplaces of human civilization .
in the long historical process , the Asian people have written a brilliant chapter for the development of human civilization .
in modern times , asia has endured vicissitudes of life and repeated hardships , and the people of all countries have made unremitting efforts and made tremendous achievements in striving for liberation and development .
however , there is still a long way to go to realize asia 's new rise and rejuvenation .
strengthening cooperation , promoting development , and achieving a win - win situation are the only way for asia to rise and rejuvenate , and are also where the fundamental interests of the Asian people lie .
under the new century and new situation , asia 's development is facing new opportunities .
peace and development are still the main themes of our times , and the overall peaceful international environment has provided favorable external conditions for asia 's development .
the in - depth development of economic globalization , the rapid progress of the world scientific and technological revolution , and the accelerated optimization and reorganization of international production factors and industrial transfer are conducive to the utilization of international capital by Asian countries , the introduction of advanced technology , the opening up of international markets , and the promotion of their own economic development .
Asia is rich in resources and has a vast market . it is the most economically dynamic region in the world today , with great potential for development .
large numbers of people and underdevelopment are the two major national conditions of china .
China has a population of 1.3 billion . no matter how small the problem is , multiplying by 1.3 billion will become a very big problem , and no matter how considerable the financial and material resources are , dividing by 1.3 billion , it will become a very low , very low per capita level .
this is something that chinese leaders must always remember .
we cannot rely on others to solve the problems of 1.3 billion people , we can only rely on ourselves .
since the founding of the people 's republic of china , great achievements have been made in our construction , and at the same time we have taken some detours and lost some opportunities .
since 1978 , when reform and opening up began , we have finally found a correct way to develop ourselves .
this is : the chinese people are building socialism with chinese characteristics independently .
the essence of this road is to mobilize all positive factors , liberate and develop productive forces , and respect and safeguard the chinese people 's freedom to pursue happiness .
China 's reform and opening up extends from the rural areas to the cities , from the economic field to the political , cultural , and social fields .
in the final analysis , every step it takes is aimed at letting the vitality of all labor , knowledge , technology , management , and capital burst forth one after another and allowing all sources of creating social wealth to flow in full .
in recent years , profound changes have taken place in the world , science and technology have changed with each passing day , the level of world productive forces has been constantly raised , and the world market has become more closely linked , thus opening up a historic opportunity for the development of various countries .
however , it is worth noting that power politics , regional conflicts , terrorism , infectious diseases , and environmental degradation are still threatening world stability and development .
the negative impact of economic globalization has increased the risks and costs of economic and social development in developing countries , and some developing countries are even in danger of being marginalized .
at present , despite the gradual recovery of the world economy , many uncertainties remain .
the doha round of multilateral trade talks has suffered setbacks and complicated factors such as trade protectionism have added to the difficulties of developing countries .
what is gratifying is that the vast number of developing countries have been forging ahead , are keen to reform , and are striving to rule the country , and have made remarkable achievements .
on the international stage , with the support of the non - aligned movement and the group of 77 , developing countries have strengthened unity and cooperation , made important contributions to safeguarding their own legitimate rights and interests and changing the irrational international political and economic order , and have become an important force in promoting the democratization of international relations .
at the same time , exchanges and cooperation among developing countries have also yielded fruitful results , and economic exchanges between them have become more frequent .
from the Andean mountains to the banks of the Mekong river , from the establishment of the Maghreb union to the establishment of the african union , south - south cooperation has been constantly enriched , perfected and updated from content to form , from mechanisms to means .
the past year was also a year in which sino - Canadian friendly and cooperative relations continued to develop in an all - round way .
trade between the two countries has maintained the momentum of growth , with the total volume of trade approaching $ 10 billion .
there have been frequent high - level exchanges . Canadian foreign ministers , defense ministers , environment ministers , and international cooperation ministers have visited china one after another . Chinese supreme court presidents , commerce ministers , and other high - ranking officials have also visited canada one after another . more importantly , the two prime ministers have successfully exchanged visits .
Premier Wen Jiabao 's recent visit to canada is of the significance of inheriting the past and forging ahead into the future , injecting new vitality into the further development of sino - Canadian relations , and laying a solid foundation for the continuous expansion and in - depth development of friendly cooperation between the two countries in various fields .
China and canada will continue to strengthen cooperation in the political , economic , cultural , educational , scientific , and technological fields and strive to achieve the goal of doubling the total volume of bilateral trade by 2010 .
dear overseas chinese and friends ,
although you live abroad , you have always been concerned about your hometown and the development of the motherland . at every crucial moment , you always worry about the worries of the people of the motherland , enjoy the happiness of the people of the motherland , and keep pace with the pulse of the motherland .
last year , after some areas of china were hit by sars and floods , you expressed your deep concern and blessings to the people of the motherland through the internet , letters , telephone calls , donations , and other means . Chinese from all walks of life also held a series of large - scale fundraising and charity shows one after another . after the successful manned space flight of Shenzhou v , your congratulatory telegrams , congratulatory letters , and greeting cards arrived one after another . all of you felt elated and proud of china 's achievements in space science and technology .
during premier Wen Jiabao 's visit to canada , hundreds of overseas chinese and foreign students braved the severe wind and rain and went to the airport and capitol hill to welcome premier Wen Jiabao . many moving scenes took place .
here , i would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt thanks to all of you . I believe that you will continue to make new and greater contributions to china 's prosperity and strength , the development of sino - Canadian relations , and china 's complete reunification and all - round revitalization in the new year .
first , strengthen political mutual trust and deepen strategic cooperation .
as permanent members of the un security council , china and france are countries with important influence on international affairs .
our two countries are in favor of promoting world multipolarization , advocating safeguarding the authority of the united nations , and are willing to promote the establishment of a new international political and economic order that conforms to the wishes of the peoples of all countries .
the two countries share broad consensus and common interests in dealing with various challenges facing mankind and in properly handling major international affairs .
we are willing to strengthen dialogue and consultations with france on major issues such as opposing terrorism , preventing proliferation , cracking down on transnational crimes , promoting common development , and strengthening the role of the united nations , to conduct close cooperation , and to strive to safeguard world peace and promote common development .
second , economic and trade cooperation should be strengthened to achieve mutual benefit and complementarity .
as the largest developing country in the world , china is making all - out efforts to modernize itself and has a vast market .
France is a developed country with an advanced level of economy and science and technology in the world , and has advanced technology in many fields .
the economies of our two countries are highly complementary and there is great potential for economic and trade cooperation .
since the founding of new china , the chinese government has always attached great importance to developing relations with africa and formulated a series of principles and policies .
we have always adhered to the five principles of peaceful coexistence , respected african countries ' independent choice of political systems and development paths , provided assistance to african countries to the best of our ability , and carried out economic and technological cooperation , supported african countries ' unity and cooperation to strengthen themselves , urged the international community to attach importance to peace and development in africa , supported african countries ' equal participation in international affairs , and strengthened consultations and cooperation between china and africa to jointly safeguard the rights and interests of developing countries .
China-Africa friendship has a long history and is deeply rooted in the hearts of the people .
since the founding of new china , we have always firmly supported africa 's national liberation cause and sincerely assisted african countries in developing their national economies .
the chinese experts , doctors , teachers , and workers sent to africa work side by side with the local people , enjoy friendly relations , and are like brothers and sisters .
in international affairs , china and african countries understand and support each other and have become trusted partners .
the chinese people will never forget that at the 26 th un general assembly in 1971 , with the vigorous support of the vast number of developing countries , including african countries , china successfully restored its legitimate seat in the united nations .
in recent years , personnel at all levels and in all quarters of china and africa have continuously deepened mutual political trust , economic and trade cooperation has yielded fruitful results , and friendly exchanges in the fields of culture and education , public health , science and technology , and sports have flourished . the sino - african cooperation forum , established at the beginning of the century , has established a new platform for developing sino - african relations and deepening cooperation .
China and africa have decided to establish a new - type partnership characterized by long - term stability , equality , and mutual benefit , and sino - african friendly cooperation has entered a new stage of all - round development .
seven years after Nixon 's visit to china and the publication of the sino - us Shanghai communique , the Carter administration accepted china 's stance on the Taiwan issue and established sino - us diplomatic relations .
this incident and Deng Xiaoping 's successful visit to the united states opened a new chapter in sino - us relations .
in the early days of Reagan 's administration , china and the united states had fierce confrontations on the Taiwan issue .
after arduous negotiations , the governments of the two countries issued a well - known communique in 1982 to reach an agreement on a step - by - step solution to the issue of arms sales to Taiwan .
the Shanghai communiqu , the sino - us communiqu on the establishment of diplomatic relations , and the ta ba tan 17 communiqu together constitute the political cornerstone of sino - us relations .
in the 10 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations , despite frequent struggles between the two countries on the Taiwan issue and other issues , sino - us relations have been generally stable , and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been increasing day by day .
in the 1980 s and early 1990 s , there were drastic changes in eastern europe , the disintegration of the soviet union , the end of the cold war , and the most profound changes in the international situation since world war ii .
the united states has taken the lead in sanctioning china , announcing the sale of 150 f - 16 fighters to Taiwan , linking the human rights issue to the most favored nation status , and allowing lee Teng - hui to visit the united states , thus plunging sino - us relations into a low ebb .
with the rapid development of china 's economy , china 's international status has been continuously enhanced .
more and more people in the united states have come to realize that the improvement and development of sino - us relations is in the interests of the united states and china .
six months ago , in this very hall , we successfully launched the six - party talks process and set the direction for the peaceful settlement of the nuclear issue .
over the past six months , various parties have conducted uninterrupted dialogue and consultations , made extensive and in - depth preparations for holding a new round of talks , and enhanced mutual understanding of each other 's positions through this process .
at present , all sides are looking forward to discussing substantive issues and achieving concrete results in the second round of talks , agreeing to resolve each other 's concerns through coordinated and consistent steps , and hoping that the peace process pioneered by the six - party talks will be maintained .
these constitute an important basis for our talks today .
the important significance of the second round of talks lies in launching discussions on substantive issues , which marks another step forward in the peace talks process .
the current round of talks will involve establishing specific objectives for resolving the nuclear issue , exploring the first - phase measures for resolving the nuclear issue , and studying ways to continue the process of talks .
as the talks deepen , we will still have to cope with more difficulties and meet more challenges . however , this is precisely the responsibility entrusted to us by history and the expectation placed on us by the international community .
the fact that the six of us are gathered here represents the strong political desire of the governments and peoples of the six countries to seek peace .
the purpose of our talks is to expand consensus , not to highlight differences , and to resolve problems , not to intensify contradictions .
the chinese side believes that all parties concerned can realize their peace mission , show mutual respect , show flexibility , and narrow the gap with a constructive attitude and in the spirit of cooperation and understanding .
the second round of the six - party talks in beijing completed its scheduled agenda after more than three days of consultations .
I would like to thank the governments of various countries , as well as the heads of state , representatives , and working personnel , for their contributions to this work .
if it is said that the first round of talks has set the general goal of realizing the denuclearization of the peninsula , then the significance of this round of talks lies in holding substantive dialogues and taking a new step toward the realization of the general goal .
during the talks , all parties had in - depth and constructive discussions , explored ways and means of solving problems with wisdom and rationality , put forward valuable ideas , and made positive policy pronouncements .
the talks have yielded a series of useful results , especially the consensus reached on the next round of talks and the establishment of a working group , which is of great significance to advancing the peace talks process .
dear colleagues , peace and development are the themes of our great times .
the people of the six countries represented here need peace , yearn for peace , and love peace , and the people of all countries in the world need peace , yearn for peace , and love peace .
over the past three days , the international community has been watching beijing and Diaoyutai , placing high hopes on this round of talks .
perhaps some people will think that the results of the talks are not enough and the process is not fast enough .
in my opinion , the current round of talks was launched against a backdrop of a lack of mutual trust among the parties concerned and a widening gap in their positions .
the chinese government 's stand on the Taiwan issue is consistent , that is , it adheres to the basic principle of peaceful reunification and one country , two systems .
to this end , we have made every effort to show the greatest sincerity and done a lot of work .
however , our efforts have been provoked by the Taiwan authorities and the pro - Taiwan independence forces .
we respect the democratic demands of the Taiwan people , but we oppose the Taiwan authorities and the pro - Taiwan independence forces from engaging in pro - Taiwan independence activities under the pretext of democracy to separate Taiwan from the motherland .
the reason why we have clearly expressed our determination and will to safeguard the reunification of the motherland is to safeguard peace and stability in the Taiwan strait region .
we have indicated that as long as there is a glimmer of hope , we will do our utmost to realize the motherland 's reunification by peaceful means .
we appreciate that president bush once again reiterated his adherence to the one - china stand and sent a clear signal to the pro - Taiwan independence forces .
the leader of the Taiwan authorities claimed that in order to prevent china from invading Taiwan by force and unilaterally change the cross - strait status quo , it is necessary to promote a peaceful referendum on 20 march .
this is a slander against the mainland 's peace efforts and a provocation against cross - strait relations .
at present , the real threat to Taiwan 's security does not come from the mainland , but from the Taiwan authorities ' wanton separatist activities in support of Taiwan independence .
it is the separatist forces advocating Taiwan independence that are directly responsible for undermining the current situation of cross - strait relations and endangering peace in the Taiwan strait .
the Taiwan authorities distorted the mainland 's opposition to Taiwan independence and the maintenance of stability in the Taiwan strait as suppressing Taiwan 's democracy and freedom , and used this as an excuse to launch a referendum .
this is groundless and perverting right and wrong , and is to gain sympathy and support for his continued pursuit of the separatist line .
the leader of the Taiwan authorities claims that what he will hold is a so - called defensive referendum and a peaceful referendum , but no matter how it is packaged , such a provocative act will only provoke confrontation and hostility between the two sides of the strait , aggravate cross - strait tension , and push cross - strait relations to the brink of danger step by step .
this runs completely counter to the mainstream popular will of the Taiwan compatriots seeking peace , stability , and development . it is not the deepening of democracy in Taiwan . it is a misleading and manipulative act against the Taiwan people . it is also a serious threat to peace and stability in the asia - pacific region . it is bound to be universally opposed by compatriots on both sides of the strait and the international community .
taking a panoramic view of the historical process of the development of the chinese nation , reunification has always been the mainstream , the trend of the times , and the aspiration of the people .
with the growing strength of the motherland and the continuous strengthening of cross - strait cooperation , the international community has generally recognized the consolidation of the one - china pattern , and any separatist plot is doomed to failure .
the lunar new year is still more than two weeks away and is one of the traditional festivals to which the chinese people attach great importance .
on this joyous day , we used to get together with our close relatives and friends and exchange gifts as a token of our appreciation .
in the spirit of " connecting people and delivering business opportunities , " Hongkong post has partnered with china post to launch the " Hong kong / mainland gift fulfillment service " to deliver the greetings and blessings of Hong kong people to their relatives , friends and customers living in the mainland or Hong kong during the spring festival .
Hongkong post has always been committed to co - operating with other postal administrations in providing international logistics services .
as early as december 2002 , the company launched a foreign wine logistics service with australia post to provide quality products to the people of Hong kong .
in our cooperation with china post , we have extended our close co - operation in postal services , postal remittance services and express delivery services to cross - boundary logistics services to cater for the increasing market demand for gifts from Hong kong people to relatives , friends or customers in the mainland .
the first batch of gifts consisted of a number of beautifully packaged lunar new year gift boxes containing festive sweets , tea leaves and seafood .
it is a most respectable gift to friends and relatives in the mainland and business partners alike .
over the past 30 years , the consumer council has made a remarkable contribution to consumer protection .
the best way to evaluate the effectiveness of the council 's work is to see if there has been any substantial improvement in consumer rights and interests .
I agree with chairman Chen that over the past 30 years , not only consumers are aware of their rights and interests , but all sectors of the community also attach importance to consumers ' rights and interests , and this is the result of the efforts of the consumer council and the government .
the council conducts regular product testing , market research on different products and services , and studies the operation of the industry , and disseminates fair and objective market information to the public through the monthly magazine Choice .
the " choice " monthly magazine is deeply trusted by the public . now that the " choice " monthly magazine has developed an online version , it will give more effective play to its functions and help consumers more easily and quickly acquire market information .
the council operates 11 district consumer enquiry centres and 16 telephone hotlines to provide consumers with information on goods and services and to receive complaints from consumers .
since its establishment , the number of enquiries received by the council has increased steadily , from thousands at the beginning of the 1970 s to 146,000 last year , a more than 20 - fold increase , indicating that more and more consumers will take account of the council 's reports and comments before making their choice of products and services .
in addition , the council handled more than 26,000 complaints this year .
the council will also identify individual shops operating under unscrupulous practices , which will not only help consumers guard against deception , but will also serve as a deterrent to operators .
Hon Yeoh , on july 1 , i told you that i watched the tv very carefully , and later i made a lot of reflections , and i saw that the public had appeals and grievances and were not satisfied with the administration of the government .
in this regard , in the past six to seven months , the government and i have been working hard to improve the situation . seeing that the citizens ' demand is to do a good job in the economy and the people 's livelihood , we have also made a lot of efforts in this regard . we also know that the citizens have many opinions on article 23 of the basic law . we have withdrawn article 23 . in fact , the government has made an immediate response .
I am also fully aware of the democratic aspirations of the community .
but , Hon Yeoh , i would like to tell you that what i am doing today is to make sure that everything goes smoothly after the constitutional review begins , so there are some fundamental issues that need to be addressed first . these are two different things .
what is the basic question ?
some are problems of principle and some are problems of law , which have a bearing on the relevant regulations of the constitutional review of the basic law . how to understand them is to do a good job in this respect first .
we are doing this part of our work and a three - member group has already started to do so .
it will consult the central authorities and listen to your views in Hong kong , which i think is a good step and a decision we have made to take seriously the views of the Hong kong community .
in today &apos;s competitive business environment , brands play a key role in the success of products .
the creation of brand names cannot be achieved overnight , but requires creative design , excellent quality , thoughtful packaging , effective marketing and sustained investment .
Hong kong has the conditions to create brand names .
we have the relevant knowledge , skills and experience , talented people in everything from design , manufacturing and marketing to management , and we have a vast market .
the CEPA , which has just begun to be implemented , will increase our advantages . in addition to the zero tariff preference for entering the mainland market , its greatest advantage is to encourage businessmen to think more and strive to increase the added value of their products , so that they will become brand names loved by consumers in Hong kong , the mainland , and even the whole world .
the chinese manufacturers ' association 's " Hong kong top ten brand competitions " coincided with the CEPA 's drive to develop Hong kong 's products in a high value - added direction .
in the past five years , the election has produced 51 " top ten brand names in Hong kong . "
however , faced with this huge market in the mainland , 51 brand names are really nothing . we need hundreds , thousands , and more " Hong kong brand names . "
over the years , the MTR has actively participated in MTR projects in major mainland cities , bringing their rich experience in Hong kong to the mainland market through service delivery .
I am very pleased that the quality of Hong kong 's investment , professional services and management staff has been recognised in the domestic market .
this type of exchange between Hong kong and Shenzhen not only contributes to the development of the motherland , but also creates more development opportunities for Hong kong businessmen and , in addition to promoting the economy , provides more employment opportunities for Hong kong .
I am grateful to the central government and the Shenzhen special economic zone government for their policy support in bringing this project to fruition .
for the first time , the MTR corporation has gone out of Hong kong to participate in the development of the domestic MTR in the form of investment and further bring Hong kong 's brand into the mainland . this is indeed something that has delighted the people of Hong kong and our compatriots in the mainland .
I would like to wish Shenzhen rail transit route no. 4 full approval from the central government as soon as possible , and the smooth progress of the project will lay a stronger foundation for further exchanges and cooperation between the two places in the future .
today is the fifth day of the lunar new year , and i am delighted to be invited by the gold and silver trade fair to attend your spring festival homage and officiate at the opening ceremony of the golden market in the new year .
first of all , i would like to wish you all a happy new year and wish you success in the year of the monkey .
gold prices rose sharply in the past year and recently surpassed the us $ 400 per ounce mark , with the trend continuing to be strong , reflecting investors ' renewed confidence in gold .
I believe that the business of the industry has also been very busy in the past year .
in fact , the smooth development of the market is not only influenced by external factors , but also reflects the achievements of the gold and silver trading market over the past 90 years .
these efforts have not only laid a good foundation for Hong kong 's gold market , but also contributed significantly to the consolidation of Hong kong 's position as an international financial centre .
as for the so - called " one year 's plan lies in spring , " i hope that the gold and silver trading circles will continue to make efforts in the coming year to seize the " golden " time of the gold and silver industry , seize the demand for gold trade brought about by the reform of the mainland 's gold market , the country 's accession to the wto , and even CEPA , and continue to promote the development of the market .
I am confident that with the vigorous efforts of my colleagues , the Hong kong gold market will shine brilliantly in the coming year .
in conclusion , i wish the monkey year golden market every success in business and prosperity .
thank you very much .
however , past challenges are not limited to subsidising public housing , but private housing is also fraught with major challenges .
the collapse of the asset bubble following the outbreak of the financial turmoil in 1997 caused property prices to plummet by 70% , dealt a severe blow to property owners and was the main cause of the worsening deflation in the past five years .
now that the economy is on the mend , we are determined to maintain a stable environment to ensure the steady and steady development of the property market .
a healthy property market is indeed vital to Hong kong 's continued economic recovery .
we are also committed to protecting and improving our living environment .
our future work will be based on the principles of sustainable development , the adoption of better urban design , enhanced protection of Hong kong 's natural and cultural heritage , and improvement of the living environment .
we will pay more attention to the overall environmental problems .
the lessons of the SARS outbreak in Hong Kong last year remind us of the need to focus on creating a more spacious , clean and healthy living environment .
we have stepped up efforts to beautify the environment , planted more trees , and built more parks and recreational facilities for the convenience of the public .
I would like to thank members for their views on the judicial and legal , constitutional , civil service and subvented staff and security aspects of the chief executive 's policy address .
on the administration of justice and legal services , only Hon Margaret ng and Hon Tsang Yok - sing , chairmen and vice chairmen of the legislative council panel on administration of justice and legal services , spoke .
in his policy address , the chief executive proposed a number of measures to promote people - based governance , including strengthening the links between key officials and the community , conducting more public policy studies , strengthening cooperation between the government and the legislative council , and seriously and conscientiously conducting a constitutional review .
the department of justice is fully committed to ensuring that all government measures are in accordance with the law and procedures , in particular the basic law , including the fundamental rights and freedoms it protects , and to upholding the rule of law and the independence of the judiciary in Hong kong , as Hon Margaret ng has said .
as a principal official , i am committed to seeking the views of the community and the legal profession on issues affecting the administration of justice and the legal profession .
for example , the closer economic partnership arrangement between the mainland and Hong kong is the result of close cooperation between the government and the industry , including the bar association , the law society , and the china association of commissioned notaries general .
we have successfully included the provision of legal services in cepa as one of the services industries opened up in the mainland . this has provided a new platform for strengthening cooperation in legal services between the two places and brought macro and long - term benefits to legal services between the two places .
the work of the task force is two - way and we will reflect to the central authorities the work of listening to public opinion in Hong kong .
since mid - january this year , we have received more than 10 organisations and individuals .
we fully accept that Hong kong 's constitutional development needs are in line with " one country , two systems " and that the HKSAR is directly under the central government .
most of them agreed that Hong kong 's political system needed to be improved , but at the same time it was accepted that any development should be in accordance with the basic law .
organisations and individuals also have their views on individual procedural and legal issues .
the task force will fully forward their wishes , views and submissions to the central authorities .
over the next month or so , the task force will continue to meet with other organisations and individuals , and we will continue to convey the views received to the central authorities .
this is only the first meeting between the task force and the relevant departments of the central authorities , and we will continue to follow up and communicate with the central authorities in the future .
I believe we all understand that constitutional development involves the relationship between the central authorities and the HKSAR , and that the central authorities have the constitutional responsibility to examine the constitutional development of the HKSAR , and we need to have full discussions with the central authorities .
the west Kowloon cultural district ( WKCD ) is a large - scale arts and cultural project that has never been undertaken in Hong kong . it is not only a project to provide space for the public to enjoy arts and culture , leisure and entertainment , but also a project to enhance the quality of the community and the city .
the construction of the WKCD belongs to the entire Hong kong community .
it is imperative that the government continue to conduct in - depth discussions with various sectors of the community to pool their wisdom and wisdom .
we understand that we must not only pursue the beauty of buildings , but also make them economically efficient , sustainable and capable of enhancing the quality of life of the community .
the government therefore attaches great importance to the software package for the WKCD , which must be complemented by relevant measures , including the facilities management policy , the promotion strategy for arts and cultural programmes , the contents of performance exhibitions and publicity strategies .
in formulating these relevant strategies , we must listen carefully to the views of " users . "
the younger generation , including every young friend of yours sitting here , will be one of the most important users of the WKCD in the future .
we hope that the district will be enjoyed by young and old alike , both Hong kong residents and overseas visitors , as well as mature and vibrant young people .
I understand that you have discussed a number of different aspects of the WKCD this morning , and some of you have worked very hard over the past month to produce the project report , and i am sure you are very familiar with the details of the project .
I cannot wait to hear the outcome of your discussions and to be able to exchange views with you .
since the terrorist attacks of 9 / 11 , global attention has focused on port , airport and border security .
as the world 's largest port with the largest number of containers exported to the united states , Hong kong undoubtedly responded quickly to the " port security initiative " put forward by the united states .
in addition , we believe that cutting off the lifeline of terrorist organizations is an effective means of curbing terrorist activities .
the large amount of money flowing in and out of the global financial system every day has always annoyed law enforcement agencies dealing with the proceeds of crime and money laundering .
as asia 's leading financial centre , we believe that cutting off terrorist funds may be one of the most effective ways to fundamentally attack its structure .
at present , Hong kong 's legislature is discussing various improvement proposals to tighten existing legislation against the financing of terrorists and to actively adapt the legislation to international standards and circumstances , such as the new recommendations of the financial action task force on money laundering .
in addition , we are working towards the enactment of better disclosure legislation to facilitate the reporting of suspicious transactions by relevant organisations and individuals .
" balance " is also the key to this : effective investigative powers , constitutionally protected freedoms , personal privacy , and the efficiency of the economic and financial system are all factors that must be taken into account .
our control measures are based on the rule of law , transparency , fairness and efficiency .
in fact , Hong kong 's service sector has many advantages .
Hong kong 's professionals and business service professionals have an in - depth understanding of international and mainland business operations .
Hong kong 's professional services , such as accounting , finance , law , and arbitration , are the best cooperation partners of mainland enterprises in the process of their internationalization and integration with the world market .
as for our transport , construction , design and marketing services , management consultants , information technology , and conference and exhibition services , they will help enhance the overall productivity and competitiveness of mainland enterprises , assist enterprises and products in formulating strategies to expand their exhibition venues , and enhance their brand image .
tourism , medical and insurance services will also help spur the development of relevant markets and industries in the mainland and enhance service standards .
the close co - operation between the service industries of the two places will greatly enhance their respective strengths and help them to face together the opportunities and challenges brought about by economic globalization .
to promote the development of the professional services sector in the mainland market , the financial secretary and i had substantive and valuable discussions with relevant bureaux and executive departments and representatives of various professional sectors in beijing last week on mutual recognition of professional qualifications and other issues of concern to the industry .
I am glad to have signed mutual recognition and co - operation agreements in the fields of construction , structural engineering and insurance , which have taken an important step forward in the development of the industry in the mainland market .
through the conference , professional bodies in Hong kong have also established closer ties with mainland regulators and laid a good foundation for the next phase of friendly co - operation .
I believe that the overwhelming majority of Hong kong people love the motherland and Hong kong .
in fact , the economic , social , political , and cultural ties and relations between the mainland and Hong kong were always very close and closely related before and after the handover .
on the economic front , we have seen that since the four modernizations and the reform and opening - up drive were launched more than 20 years ago , Hong kong 's industries have had the opportunity to move northwards and there is room for new development , which has brought Hong kong society and the mainland closer together .
in recent days , we have further opportunities to reach closer economic partnership arrangements with the central authorities , so that various service industries in Hong kong will have new opportunities to participate more actively and extensively in the mainland 's economic development , and to do new things for the country and Hong kong . this will also bring Hong kong and the mainland closer together .
in the area of social development , we have witnessed rapid national development in recent years .
the people of Hong kong are overjoyed at beijing 's successful bid to host the 2008 olympic games .
a few months ago , when yang Liwei visited Hong kong , the people of Hong kong were equally elated . why ?
because we feel that every person and every Hong kong citizen feels proud that our country can achieve this .
I understand that the legislative council began discussing with the government the issue of the long - term office space of the legislative council 10 years ago .
similarly , the government has been considering a long - term plan to relocate the government secretariat over the past decade or so .
therefore , i understand that the government 's decision to defer the Tamar development project , including the new legislative council building , will certainly disappoint some members of the legislative council .
I understand that members have some grievances in continuing to work in places where the environment is unfavourable during this period .
however , as i have said to my colleagues in the government who are also affected by this decision , i hope you will understand the situation with the public interest in mind and be patient during this period .
I have explained to the legislative council panel on administration on a number of occasions earlier that taking into account the current financial situation and the financial situation following the outbreak of atypical pneumonia last year , the government considers that it is not an appropriate time to proceed with the Tamar project or the large - scale office building project .
the postponement of the construction of the new legislative council building in Tamar will help to reduce the financial pressure on the government in the coming years and will be in the public interest and acceptable to the public .
the government will resume work on the new legislative council building in Tamar as soon as the public finances improve , as we currently plan to do .
the state is very concerned about Hong kong , the president and the premier are very concerned about Hong kong , and i know that they and the central government will do their best to do a good job in this regard .
therefore , good news will come one after another in the areas of tourism , finance , infrastructure coordination , aviation rights , zero tariffs on products , and service industries .
I also hope that with Hong kong 's economic recovery , Hong kong will be able to make greater contributions to the development of the country by making full use of its advantages .
during my meeting with premier Wen Jiabao , on behalf of Hong kong , i also congratulated him on the country 's proud achievements in a very difficult year under his leadership . although the future is still full of challenges , you have all listened to his work report . he is full of confidence , and we are all deeply encouraged by this .
Premier Wen also told me that reviewing Mr. Deng Xiaoping 's important expositions on " one country , two systems " 20 years ago is of great significance for us to have a comprehensive and accurate understanding of the " one country , two systems " principle and is conducive to future political development .
he also told me that Hong kong people really need to seize this opportunity to concentrate on developing the economy and improving the people 's livelihood , and he has full confidence in Hong kong .
later , i will meet with the secretary of Guangdong province , mr Zhang Dejiang , and the governor , mr Huang Huahua , to discuss with them how to build on the existing cooperation and create a win - win situation .
the last point is the recently well - known " Hong kong people governing Hong kong . " this system requires Hong kong people , mainly patriots , to govern Hong kong .
there are also very clear standards for patriots . they are to respect the patriots of their own nation , sincerely support the Hong kong people who have resumed the state 's exercise of sovereignty over Hong kong , and refrain from doing anything harmful to the country and Hong kong . that is , patriots , who are the mainstay of Hong kong 's administration .
I must reiterate that the people of Hong kong as a whole are patriotic .
what we are talking about here are not ordinary Hong kong people , but people who are involved in the management of public affairs in Hong kong , high - level people in the executive structure , the legislative council , and the judiciary .
when they are sworn in , they should express their support for the basic law of the Hong kong special administrative region of the people 's republic of china and their loyalty to the Hong kong special administrative region of the people 's republic of china in accordance with the basic law .
the five or six principles and important considerations i mentioned above actually began to talk about Hong kong 's long - term future in the eighties . when the " joint statement " and the " basic law " were formulated , this set of long - term principles and policies had already been formulated , and had not changed and would not change since this was a series of long - term principles and policies for the state to resume the exercise of sovereignty over Hong kong . this is a national policy and will not change .
over the past several hundred years since the birth of the intellectual property system , especially since the industrial revolution , one major invention after another of epoch - making significance has been spawned .
in the past two decades , the intellectual property system has become a basic legal system and an important policy means for various countries to promote technological innovation , and has played an important role in invigorating the economy and enhancing international competitiveness .
at present , with the rapid development of science and technology and economic globalization , the creation , possession , and use of knowledge and intellectual resources , as well as the quantity and quality of intellectual property rights , have become an important foundation for all countries to participate in international competition .
therefore , strengthening international exchanges and cooperation in ipr protection is of great significance to the establishment of a just and rational new international economic order and the promotion of world economic prosperity and development .
the chinese government attaches great importance to the protection of intellectual property rights .
in the early days of reform and opening up , china began to establish an ipr system . through more than 20 years of efforts , a relatively complete ipr legal system has been formed , an ipr protection system combining judicial and administrative law enforcement has been established , and a great deal of work has been done in ipr protection , thus making an important contribution to promoting scientific and technological progress and economic and social development .
mankind has entered the information society in the 21 st century , and the scientific and technological revolution will promote the development of social productive forces with an unprecedented tremendous motive force .
further improving china 's ipr system and strengthening international exchanges and cooperation in ipr protection work are the requirements for china to open wider to the outside world in the new century , as well as the requirements for building a socialist modern country and realizing the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation .
we are willing to work together with other countries in the world to establish a fair and reasonable intellectual property system that is conducive to promoting the development of science and technology and the economy of all countries , and to create a good environment for all mankind to respect knowledge , advocate science , and protect intellectual property rights .
speeding up the institutionalization of the SCO is the most important task facing the SCO at present .
thanks to the efforts of all parties concerned , great progress has been made in preparing for the establishment of the secretariat and the regional anti - terrorist organization .
we will continue to make efforts to ensure that the secretariat is officially activated within this year and that a regional anti - terrorist body is established at an early date .
in order to show the great importance it attaches to the SCO , the chinese government , as the host country of the SCO secretariat , has decided to provide the secretariat with office accommodation free of charge .
in the future , we will continue to provide strong support for the smooth work of the secretariat .
deepening and expanding security cooperation has always been the focus of the work of the SCO .
we must never relax our vigilance and , still less , tolerate and accommodate the three forces that seriously harm the interests of the member countries in this region .
we should make long - term and unremitting efforts to eradicate these evil forces and earnestly safeguard the tranquillity and stability of the region .
in order to cut off the sources of funds for the activities of the three forces and deal a more comprehensive and effective blow to the three forces , we should put the anti - narcotics issue on the security cooperation agenda as soon as possible .
economic cooperation is an important foundation and priority direction of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization .
education is the cornerstone of modern civilization .
to improve the quality of our people and enhance our overall national strength , we must vigorously develop education .
the impact of rural education is extensive and has a bearing on the overall situation of rural economic and social development .
since the beginning of reform and opening up , tremendous and profound changes have taken place in china 's urban and rural areas , which are inextricably linked to the development of education , especially rural education .
the implementation of the household contract responsibility system in rural areas has greatly liberated the productive forces .
one of the fundamental reasons why advanced and practical agricultural technology can be popularized on a large scale , why township and town enterprises have emerged suddenly , and why the surplus rural labor force can be transferred in large numbers to coastal areas and cities and towns is that there are hundreds of millions of rural labor force who have received compulsory education as the foundation and support , and the great achievements made in popularizing compulsory education in rural areas are undeniable .
at present , china 's agriculture and rural economy are at a crucial stage of development . the development of high - quality , high - efficiency , ecological , and safe agriculture , the expansion of industrialized agricultural operations , and the transfer of surplus rural labor force are all in urgent need of comprehensively improving the quality of rural labor force .
the rise of the new scientific and technological revolution in the world and the promotion of building a moderately prosperous society in an all - round way have set higher demands on the scientific and cultural quality and ideological and moral quality of the vast rural population .
without the all - round improvement of peasants ' quality in rural areas , it will be very difficult to achieve a well - off life in an all - round way .
we must fully understand the basic , leading and overall role of rural education in building a moderately prosperous society in an all @-@ round way .
the participants included senior leaders of well - known multinational companies , internationally renowned economic experts , and highly accomplished experts and scholars .
I am keenly aware of the spirit of sincere cooperation and the positive and pragmatic attitude of the advisers .
giving full play to our spirit of cooperation and collective wisdom is conducive not only to planning and promoting Guangdong 's development , but also to jointly promoting cooperation and development in all fields .
I have been looking forward to the arrival of the Guangdong International Economic Development Advisory Committee in 2003 and to hearing and understanding your insights into Guangdong &apos;s economic and social development .
we are gathered here today for a common purpose : to strengthen cooperation and exchanges , expand development space , add vitality to Guangdong 's economic and social development , and create opportunities for the development of your cause .
China 's accession to the wto marks the beginning of a brand - new stage of opening up to the outside world . we are participating in international competition on a wider scale , in broader fields , and at a higher level .
Guangdong is the most externally oriented province in the mainland of china , and it has been the first to feel unprecedented development opportunities and severe challenges .
against such a broad background , we must firmly seize new opportunities , meet new challenges , comprehensively enhance our international competitiveness , actively promote the modernization process , strive to open up a new situation in economic cooperation , and realize complementary advantages , mutual benefit , long - term cooperation , and common development .
the Guangdong people are concentrating on building a moderately prosperous society in an all - round way and accelerating the realization of modernization , which will create more development opportunities and space for all friends .
Guangdong 's economy , full of vitality and broad prospects , is leaping to a new height with a strong posture .
a few days ago , the provisional Iraqi governing council and the us occupation authorities signed an agreement in Baghdad announcing a step - by - step timetable for the return of power to iraq by june next year .
the agreement was reluctantly endorsed by the international community : although the eu foreign ministers ' meeting welcomed it , france considered the process too slow , un secretary general Kofi Annan , while encouraged by the power transfer plan , said the time was not ripe for the united nations to play a role in iraq , and russia simply questioned the legitimacy of the agreement .
the Iraqi people 's reaction was lukewarm , and us public opinion even considered it a major gamble .
in short , people tend to be skeptical and wait and see .
there is reason for the international community to be sceptical .
this is because people see that returning to iraq is not a willful move of the united states . therefore , the transfer of power is unlikely to be complete , and there are bound to be many foreshadows .
the first is that the interim transitional government to be formed in may next year is not directly elected by the Iraqi people , but by a transitional national congress elected by 18 provincial election committees .
this makes it difficult to avoid suspicion of being manipulated by the united states , and its legitimacy may be questioned .
second , the united states has announced that after the handover of power , the united states will not withdraw its troops , and will only turn its original military occupation into a = military presence .
the us government announced on 18 november that it has decided to impose quota restrictions on the import of knitted fabrics , corsets , and robes from china .
at a time when china is constantly striving to expand economic and trade cooperation between china and the united states , the us government 's protectionist measures cannot but deeply regret this .
with the development of economic globalization to today , it is extremely inappropriate for the united states to reimpose restrictions on china 's textile imports .
first of all , this abuse of the quota limit limits the implementation of the wto 's principle of free trade .
is it too arbitrary and unfair to talk about free trade in a high - sounding manner on the one hand , and to put up new trade barriers at the same time ?
second , the quota limit has restricted the sound development momentum of sino - us economic and trade relations .
since china and the united states reached an agreement on china 's accession to the wto in 1999 , us exports to china have grown at an average annual rate of 15 percent .
in january and september this year , us exports to china rose 26.2 percent year - on - year .
in the past two years , us exports of textile raw materials and manufactured goods to china have increased by a big margin .
as a matter of fact , china today has become the country with the fastest growth in us exports to other countries in the world .
there are many reasons why bush 's visit to britain failed to achieve his goal . the most important reason is that after the end of the cold war , the united states became the only superpower in the world , ignoring others and expanding unilateralism .
without the authorization of the united nations , the united states launched a war against iraq and did not respect the opinions of its major allies on major international issues such as iraq 's reconstruction . we have always violated public anger .
according to an opinion poll recently released by the european commission , 68% of eu citizens believe that the united states has insufficient reasons to launch the iraq war , and 53% believe that the united states constitutes a threat to world peace .
second , the united states stresses anti - terrorism , asking allies to contribute funds , but ignores their concerns .
on the iraq reconstruction project , the united states is firmly in the palm of its hand , and the main contract for the first time was awarded to its own companies rather than taking a share of the profits . on the steel trade dispute , the world trade organization has already made a ruling , the united states imposed high tariffs and violated regulations , and the british industrial and commercial circles had hoped that bush would make concessions on this trip , but in the end they did not make a clear stand .
third , the united states regards its own values as the highest criterion above other countries , and wants to persist in carrying out democratic transformation of middle east countries , which has been criticized . some allies have demanded that the united states respect the culture and characteristics of islamic countries . they believe that one of the reasons why the us military is bogged down in the quagmire in iraq today is precisely the bitter result of its disrespect for other countries .
however , bush will not change course because of widespread criticism and opposition . during his visit , he once again defended his iraq policy and stressed that the us - british coalition forces will continue to use force to deal with violent incidents in iraq .
since bush 's current visit to britain did not go as planned , the situation in iraq will not necessarily develop as the white house hopes .
after six months of controversy , the advance party of japan 's self - defense forces finally set out for iraq before the end of 2003 .
this is the first time since the end of world war ii that japan has sent troops to overseas battlefields .
it reflects japan 's will to become a political and military power , and also marks the beginning of a change in japan 's defense strategy .
the reason why the SDF 's visit has attracted people 's attention is that it is not an isolated incident .
Japan used the war in afghanistan as an opportunity to achieve a breakthrough for the self-defense forces to go out of the country , used the Korean peninsula issue to pass an emergency rule of law , and laid the groundwork for the self-defense forces to use force or even pre-empt attacks . recently , the Koizumi cabinet adopted the " basic plan for supporting iraq 's reconstruction , " paving the way for sending troops to iraq .
step by step , they finally broke through the limitations of japan 's peace constitution and sent troops to overseas battlefields .
in addition , japan is also preparing to revise the " concept of basic defense forces " in 2004 in order to legalize and perpetuate overseas troop deployments , and is also planning to set up a permanent unit for overseas deployments that will not be formed on a temporary basis .
at the same time , the Japanese cabinet meeting also decided to start deploying the missile defense system in early 2004 on the pretext of the so - called " Asahara missile threat , " and to introduce the us - made standard sentry - 3 and sensu - 3 missiles to intercept missiles outside and re - entry into the atmosphere , respectively , so as to build a dual missile interception network .
it is not difficult to see that japan 's self - defense forces are moving in the direction of the regular army , which has both offensive and defensive capabilities , and the so - called Asahi Self - Defense Force , which specializes in guarding Taiwan , seems to be dying in name only .
the reason why japan 's actions have attracted people 's attention is first of all because these military decisions are an impact on japan 's peace constitution .
after paying homage to Yasukuni shrine , Koizumi gave an interview to Japanese reporters and defended his actions .
his arguments are self - contradictory and full of holes .
asked why Koizumi visited the shrine , Koizumi replied that japan 's peace and prosperity were realized on the basis of the victims of the war .
I have come to pray for peace and prosperity in Japan .
may i ask if Koizumi 's so - called victims of the war in Tae also include Hideki Tojo and other class - a war criminals of world war ii ?
can it be said that the realization of peace and prosperity in japan after world war ii also has the foundation contribution of class - a war criminals ?
a reporter asked : why did you choose to visit the Yasukuni shrine on 1 january ?
Koizumi said : it is a tradition in japan to pay homage to shrines on the first day of the new year . many people pay homage to shrines on this day .
it is understandable that ordinary people mourn for their relatives and friends . moreover , many of the bereaved families have made it clear that their visit to Yasukuni shrine is only to mourn their relatives and friends , and they resolutely oppose the Yasukuni shrine for worshipping class - a war criminals .
the chinese people are reasonable , and we have always insisted on distinguishing the Japanese people from a handful of militarists , separating the ordinary people from the right wing , and paying homage to Yasukuni shrine by the ordinary people is not the crux of the historical problem .
unity is strength .
this is an irrefutable truth .
to realize the grand goal of building a moderately prosperous society in an all - round way and accomplish the sacred cause of the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation , we must unite all forces that can be united .
the patriotic united front work and the CPPCC work in the new century and in the new stage must take this as the fundamental starting point and end - result .
we should further uphold and perfect the system of multi - party cooperation and political consultation under the leadership of the CPC , further consolidate and develop the patriotic united front , mobilize all positive factors to the fullest extent , and constantly add new strength to the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation .
in the past year , the CPPCC has firmly grasped the two main themes of unity and democracy , conscientiously performed all its functions , and played an important role in promoting china 's all - round economic and social development and safeguarding the overall situation of reform , development , and stability .
in the new year , it is hoped that the CPPCC will closely center on the central work of the party and the state , further do a good job in political consultation , democratic supervision , and participation in and discussion of state affairs , carry forward its fine traditions , give play to its own advantages , conduct in - depth investigations and studies , actively offer suggestions and suggestions , and make new and greater contributions to building a moderately prosperous society in an all - round way .
from 4 to 6 january , the 12th summit meeting of the south Asian association for regional cooperation ( SAARC ) was held in Islamabad , which was postponed for an entire year . the meeting approved the " framework treaty on south asia 's free trade agreement , " the " additional protocol to the SAARC convention on combating terrorism , " and the " south asia social charter , " among other documents , and announced that the SAARC countries will devote themselves to common development and cooperation in the economic , cultural , and anti-terrorism fields .
during the SAARC summit , the bilateral meeting between indian prime minister Vajpayee and Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf was particularly eye - catching .
at the last summit , Musharraf 's handshake with Vajpayee did not give people much hope for the development of bilateral relations .
two years later , due to a series of major measures taken by the two sides , such as restoring normal diplomatic relations , air and land communications , and realizing a cease - fire in Kashmir , india - Pakistan relations continued to ease up and finally took the opportunity of the SAARC summit to meet at the highest level .
the two countries have taken another big step forward in the process of improving bilateral relations , and regional cooperation in south asia is ushering in a new turn for the better .
although indian foreign minister Singha said on the 4 th that the meeting was held in a ceremonial manner , people believe that the meeting means that indian - Pakistani relations will continue to be adjusted in a more positive and pragmatic direction .
the leaders of the two countries have realized that tension and confrontation are not in the interests of the two countries , and on the contrary , opportunities for economic development have been lost time and again .
with the further development of economic globalization , strengthening cooperation and revitalizing the economy have become the top priorities of the governments of the two countries .
although the results of the presidential election held in georgia on 4 april have not yet been officially announced , the victory of the candidate jointly nominated by the right - wing political parties and leader of the national movement party , Saakashvili , has become a foregone conclusion .
Georgia 's central election commission announced today that more than 95 percent of voters support Sakashvili , according to a poll of 89 percent of the votes cast .
some cis heads of state also sent congratulatory messages to this young politician .
in fact , as early as the evening after the election , Sakashvili announced his victory .
he called the result a victory for the people of tajikistan and said georgia would act quickly to open up a new future .
in an interview with the news media , many voters said that voting for Sakashvili means choosing a new hope .
even former president Shevardnadze , who was forced to resign , expressed support for this former political enemy and praised him for being young , energetic , and well - educated .
while pinning hopes on Saakashvili , people have also noticed that the situation in georgia has not changed significantly in the past two months since Shevardnadze resigned .
it can be said that the newly elected president will still face the same old problems .
the past year has been an important but unusual one in china 's development process .
we have waged an extremely arduous struggle against the sudden outbreak of sars and scored major victories at this stage , maintained a good momentum of economic development , surpassed us $ 1,000 per capita gdp to a new level , successfully carried out the manned space flight Zhangzhou v , made the dream of the chinese nation 's flight to heaven a reality , and made national unity , social progress , and the people 's living standards further improved .
the achievements made in all aspects of our country have attracted worldwide attention , and the people throughout the country have paid great painstaking efforts to this end , displaying courage and strength in braving difficulties and dangers and creating miracles .
looking forward to the new year , we are full of confidence and hope .
taking a comprehensive look at the domestic and international situation , our country is in an important period of strategic opportunity in which we must grasp it tightly and can make great achievements .
we must persist in taking Deng Xiaoping theory and the important thinking of the " three represents " as our guide , comprehensively implement the spirit of the 16 th CPC national congress and the third plenary session of the 16 th CPC central committee , conscientiously implement the central committee 's major policy principles and overall arrangements for this year 's work , and continue to push forward reform , opening up , and modernization .
to do a good job in this year 's work , we must correctly grasp the situation . on the one hand , we must see favorable conditions and new opportunities , on the other hand , we must also see unfavorable conditions and new challenges , and enhance our sense of responsibility , urgency , and distress .
the three - party talks on the iraq issue were held at the un headquarters in new york on the 19 th . UN secretary general Kofi Annan held consultations with representatives of the Iraqi interim governing council and the us - british coalition provisional administration , focusing on how the united nations can play a role in iraq 's reconstruction .
the talks covered iraq 's politics , humanitarianism , security , and appointment of a un special representative in iraq . the three sides had a frank exchange of views on this .
the united states and britain are facing a boycott of their plan to transfer power in iraq . naturally , people are paying attention to whether and how the united nations will intervene in iraq 's reconstruction .
since the united states announced the end of the main war in iraq in early may last year , the situation in iraq has continued to be turbulent , and attacks against the occupation have occurred one after another , resulting in heavy casualties and almost no peace for the us - british coalition forces .
former Iraqi president Saddam was arrested on 13 december last year , but the joy of the united states did not last long , the security situation did not improve , and the intensification of the resistance movement put the occupation authorities in a predicament .
on the other hand , the Iraqi people and the arab countries unanimously demanded the withdrawal of foreign troops and the return of power to iraq so that the Iraqi people can run the country themselves .
at the same time , the united states and britain have striven to reshape the Iraqi regime according to their own will , and on this basis have gradually extricated themselves from the quagmire with dignity .
for this reason , the manner and process of transferring power has become the focus of current Iraqi affairs .
the idea of handing over power put forward by the us and british administrations and the Iraqi interim governing council in november last year is that the interim Iraqi transitional government formed before 1 july this year will be elected by the Tanabata transitional national congress , but the deputies attending the congress will be selected by the senegalese provincial election committee .
on the other hand , Shia , who constitute the majority of the Iraqi population , stressed that direct national general elections should be held in order to return to iraq in a truly fair manner .
US secretary of state Colin Powell 's recent visit to russia is still a focus of public opinion .
on the one hand , this is because the united states and russia are decisive , and their mutual relations have a far - reaching impact on the world today .
more importantly , Powell 's Moscow trip was full of substance and sent a clear signal : dark clouds have appeared in the sky of russian - us relations .
if these dark clouds do not dissipate in a timely manner , the prospects for bilateral relations may dim .
although the channels of dialogue between Washington and Moscow were very open , Powell decided to write an article in the influential Russian newspaper Izvestia to clarify his position .
Powell pointed out in the article that the united states has been puzzled by a series of events in russia 's internal and foreign affairs over the past few months .
he held that the russian regime has not yet completely accepted the restrictions of the law , and the key elements of civil society , such as freedom of the press and the development of political parties , are not strong enough .
Russia 's policy in Chechnya and its attitude toward its cis neighbors are even more worrying to the united states .
in the view of the diplomats , using the mass media to make public statements is the last way to communicate information .
the original intention of the united states in making this choice is thought - provoking , and it is obvious that russia is embarrassed and unhappy about it .
after entering the new century , economic globalization has become a major and grim challenge facing african countries .
African leaders are increasingly aware that africa can no longer afford to miss the opportunity and should rise to the occasion to find a response .
since the inauguration of the african union on 9 july 2002 , african countries have been actively promoting the new partnership for africa 's development ( NEPAD ) , striving to develop their economies and extricate themselves as early as possible from their disadvantageous position in economic globalization , while at the same time making great efforts to resolve the issue of armed conflicts in the city , which is a major obstacle to africa 's great cause of revitalization , in order to create an environment of unity , peace and stability .
at present , the overall situation in africa is becoming more relaxed , hot issues are noticeably cooling down , and various countries have increased their sense of urgency to end armed conflicts .
with the strong support of the united nations and the international community , influential regional organizations , regional powers , and well - known politicians in africa have taken active action to step up efforts to resolve regional conflicts and eliminate civil strife , and some conflicts and turbulence that have lasted for many years have basically been brought under control .
for example , the democratic republic of the congo ( DRC ) formed a government of national unity in june last year , Sao Tome and Principe peacefully resolved the coup crisis in july , the Liberian government and rebel forces signed a peace agreement in the Ghanaian capital Accra in august , the Sudanese government and southern rebel forces began key talks to break the deadlock in the peace process in september , various Somali armed forces and political factions started peace talks in Kenya in october to discuss the national peace process , and the burundi government and rebel forces signed a peace agreement in november .
of course , the current stability situation in the african region is still relatively fragile , the gains in peace still need to be consolidated , and some potential or real armed conflicts have yet to be finally resolved .
at the same time , there is still a big gap between the economic growth rate of african countries and that of developing countries in asia and other regions , all of which are unfavorable factors for africa 's development .
how to effectively cope with the challenges of economic globalization and realize the dream of african renaissance still requires the african people to make long - term and arduous efforts .
recently , a succession of highly pathogenic avian flu outbreaks have occurred in some parts of our country .
the party central committee and the state council attached great importance to this issue , promptly made a series of major policy decisions , and explicitly put forward guiding principles and policy measures for prevention and control work .
all relevant localities and departments have taken urgent action to go all out to prevent the spread of the epidemic in accordance with the arrangements made by the party central committee and the state council .
at present , the work of preventing and controlling avian flu throughout the country is proceeding in an intense and orderly manner .
the highly pathogenic avian flu is a kind of animal epidemic disease that spreads quickly and causes great harm . it seriously endangers animal husbandry production and seriously endangers the health and safety of the people .
conscientiously doing a good job in preventing and controlling highly pathogenic avian influenza has a bearing on the health and safety of the masses , on agricultural development and on increasing peasants ' incomes , on the overall situation of economic development , and on social stability . all localities and departments should take the important thinking of the " three represents " as their guide , strengthen leadership , closely cooperate with each other , rely on scientific and legal prevention and control , mass control and resolute handling , earnestly implement all prevention and control measures in a spirit of being highly responsible to the people , and resolutely fight the battle against avian flu .
as the world 's largest debtor country , the united states ' foreign debt is increasing again .
the us treasury department announced on january 16 that by the end of september last year , the total amount of us debt to foreign creditors had reached $ 6.494 trillion , 2.2 percent higher than the previous figure .
on average , every american is already in debt of more than $ 20,000 .
coincidentally , a study published by the international monetary fund ( imf ) last week sounded a systematic and sharp alarm about the us financial base and pointed out that the record - breaking us foreign debt has reached a level that threatens global financial stability .
statistics show that foreign private investors control about 40% of us government bonds .
this is reminiscent of what Keynes suggested to president Roosevelt in the first half of the 20th century : adopting a deficit policy to stimulate the economy domestically , and solving the fiscal deficit through borrowing from abroad .
this move has indeed played an important role in stimulating effective demand and solving the pressing needs of the economic crisis .
however , people have seen that many us administrations have tended to use this as a panacea .
however , since president Reagan advocated tax cuts and military expansion in the 1980 s , the us fiscal deficit has gradually increased and has eventually become the largest debtor country .
the convening of the first round of six - party talks is an important step in the process of dialogue and peaceful settlement of the nuclear issue on the Korean peninsula .
some common points formed by all parties during the talks have laid the necessary foundation for the continuation of the talks and further clarified the objectives , ways , and principles for resolving the nuclear issue on the Korean peninsula .
over the past few months , all parties concerned have insisted on peacefully resolving the nuclear issue on the peninsula through dialogue , conducted extensive coordination and consultations at different levels on the basis of the results of the first round of six - party talks , and made unremitting efforts to hold the second round of talks as soon as possible .
at the same time , the DPRK and the united states have further shown varying degrees of flexibility .
at present , important progress has been made in the preparations for the talks , and it is expected that the talks will be held well .
whether or not the second round of the six - party talks can achieve results and sustain the peace talks process is of general concern to the parties concerned and the international community .
in response , a chinese foreign ministry spokesman said : the goal of the six - party talks is to maintain and promote the process of dialogue and peaceful settlement , and we are willing to make joint efforts with all parties to this end .
the chinese side 's basic starting point is to safeguard peace and stability on the Korean peninsula and realize the denuclearization of the peninsula .
the chinese side believes that so long as all parties present at the meeting uphold the sincerity of peace talks , respect each other , and hold consultations on an equal footing , they will be able to create favorable conditions for promoting the settlement of relevant issues .
at the end of the 1970 s , us - Libyan relations deteriorated and the two countries severed diplomatic ties in 1981 .
US president Reagan listed a long list of crimes for Libyan leader Gaddafi , such as accusing him of secretly developing nuclear weapons , engaging in foreign military intervention , and terrorism .
from verbal confrontation to military confrontation between the two sides , the united states launched two surgical air strikes against libya , namely , the Asahi steppes and the guangjin gorge .
since then , the united states has imposed economic sanctions on libya , carried out political strikes , contained it diplomatically , and threatened it militarily .
Gaddafi , under heavy pressure , did not give in .
at present , relations between the united states and libya are warming up , and some people attribute this entirely to the deterrent effect of the iraq war , which seems to be biased .
as a matter of fact , for many years , Gaddafi , who has a unique character , has been fighting against the united states on the one hand and throwing olive branches to the united states on the other , but unfortunately he has not received a response .
after the iraq war , all parties in the middle east readjusted their strategies and regrouped their regional forces , thus providing an opportunity for the united states and libya to resume diplomatic relations .
as far as Gaddafi is concerned , rapprochement with the united states can put an end to sanctions , revitalize the economy , improve the people 's livelihood , get out of an isolated situation , and merge into the international community .
Li gave up those things that he had not yet obtained and could not get at the moment in exchange for a new environment in another village with a bright future .
from 7 to 8 february , dignitaries from europe , the united states , and other regions of the world gathered in Munich , Germany , to attend the 40 th Munich security policy conference .
the so - called Munich security policy conference is a forum on international security issues founded by unofficial figures in Germany and subsidized by the german government . in recent years , especially after the 9 / 11 roundup , people have paid more and more attention to it , and it has been hailed as the ZhanDavos forum in the security field .
an important topic of the meeting was transatlantic relations .
the remarks made by the european and us political leaders at the meeting indicated that the two sides are working hard to shake off the shadow of the iraq war on bilateral relations and are trying to return to the track of cooperation .
Bertram , director of the Berlin institute for international and security affairs , said : this is a meeting between europe and the united states to mend their relations , and both sides have the desire to get closer again .
as far as european - us relations are concerned , the new message emanating from the meeting is that europe and the united states need to resume dialogue , seriously consider the common tasks facing the two sides , and find the convergence of interests needed to fulfill these common tasks .
compared with last year 's meeting , the gunpowder smell of this year 's meeting has disappeared , and the positions of the two sides are approaching .
old europe , represented by france and Germany , although still brooding over the us war in iraq , said it wanted to look ahead .
German foreign minister Fischer said at the meeting : " although we have different views on the war , we must work together to ensure peace in iraq after the war , so we must look forward to this .
he also said that although Germany will not send troops to iraq , Germany will not obstruct NATO from playing a direct role in iraq .
the united states , which has seized the lead in the field of modern media , has monopolized a large part of the right to speak in international news . the tentacles of its public opinion propaganda have long spread to the whole world and are almost omnipresent . why is it spending so much money to set up satellite television stations specially covering 22 countries in the middle east ?
in the words of the person in charge of the tongliang no . 1 television station , it is to provide the arab countries with a comprehensive and fair news platform with their own viewpoints .
some analysts have pointed out , however , that " freedom no . 1 " will be a strategic weapon for the united states to infiltrate public opinion , invade culture , and attack the hearts of arab countries . it will also be an important propaganda tool for the united states to pursue a policy of integrating the middle east and transforming the islamic world .
from this point of view , there are roughly three choices for the unique mission of tonglian no. 1 : first , to spread the concept of freedom .
the united states believes that islamic civilization is a serious obstacle for the west to promote modern civilization , and the extremist religious forces in islamic countries in the middle east are hotbeds of international terrorism characterized mainly by opposing the united states . in order to effectively combat terrorism , it is necessary to transform the islamic world so that it recognizes and accepts western values , ways of life , and political systems .
the united states is trying to instill its own ideology in the Arabs through the subtle role played by the tangyo no . 1 program .
the second is to improve the image of the united states .
the united states pursues unilateralism toward the outside world , plays the bully on a series of international issues , and goes its own way . its hegemonic acts have made arab countries and the islamic world angry .
since the september 11 incident , the contradictions between the united states , which has always favored Israel , and the islamic world in the middle east have tended to intensify .
under the pretext of eliminating weapons of mass destruction and anti - terrorism , the united states invaded and occupied iraq by force without conclusive evidence or authorization from the united nations , arousing strong resentment among the muslim people .
the talks between Pakistani and indian officials were held in Islamabad from 16 to 18 february , and hopes for peace once again rose in the south Asian subcontinent .
officials of the two countries set the agenda and format for future talks and established a mechanism for continuous dialogue . this move marked the restart of the dialogue process between Pakistan and india after a two - year hiatus , laid a foundation for the two countries to gradually resolve all outstanding issues , including the Kashmir dispute , and demonstrated the precious peace sincerity of both sides .
prior to the talks , although relations between the two countries had been warmed by a series of good - will moves by both sides , analysts were mostly cautious about the prospects of the peace process .
it is no wonder that looking back at the rapid ups and downs of Pakistani - indian relations in recent years , it seems that no one dares to guarantee that the sunshine shining on the negotiating table today will not turn into lightning and thunder on the border tomorrow .
however , the two countries ' statement read out with smiles on the 18 th by Pakistan 's state secretary for foreign affairs Riyazh Tahokhar has once again spread optimism and brightened the eyes of many people who have been following the situation in south asia for a long time .
first of all , the timetable set for the talks is highly operable . the two sides have not only specified the specific time and topics for the talks , but also stipulated different levels of talks according to the importance of the topics .
second , the two sides have drawn lessons from the failure of the talks caused by the direct dialogue between the leaders of the two countries at the agra summit in july 2001 , and have adopted the method of holding talks step by step so that the talks can be held from a low level to a high level in order to make full preparations for the high - level dialogue .
third , after experiencing several cloudy days in bilateral relations , the two countries unanimously said that war is not a good way to resolve disputes and that the two sides should stay away from war . this consensus has laid the foundation for the leaders of the two countries to reach an understanding that Pakistan and india will never fight again in the future .
to fully and accurately understand and implement the principle of " one country , two systems , " it is necessary to unify the two systems of " one country , two systems , " " one patriotic unit " and " one loving Hong kong , " to unify respect for Hong kong 's high degree of autonomy with the maintenance of state sovereignty , and to unify Hong kong 's capitalism with the adherence to socialism as the mainstay of the country .
only in this way can we earnestly safeguard the well - being of our compatriots in Hong kong and conform to the long - term interests of the country and the entire people .
since Hong kong 's return to the motherland , the central government has unswervingly implemented the principle of " one country , two systems " and acted in strict accordance with the basic law .
the broad masses of Hong kong compatriots enjoy unprecedented democratic rights as masters of the country .
with the vigorous support of the central government and the mainland of the motherland , Hong kong has overcome various risks and challenges , such as the impact of the Asian financial crisis , and continues to maintain its position as an international financial , trade , and shipping center .
practice has proved that the principle of " one country , two systems " has great vitality .
today , we reissued comrade Deng Xiaoping 's speech 20 years ago , which once again declared to the world the firm determination of the central authorities to implement the principle of " one country , two systems " and , still more , to enable everyone to fully and accurately understand the principle of " one country , two systems " and continuously advance the great practice of " one country , two systems " .
today , the party central committee and the state council solemnly held a national science and technology awards meeting here .
President Hu Jintao presented awards to academicians Liu Dongsheng and Wang Yongzhi , who received the highest science and technology awards in 2003 .
the conference presented awards for the china manned spaceflight project , which won the special award of the state science and technology progress award , and for the scientific and technological workers who won the 2003 state natural science award , the state technological invention award , and the state science and technology progress award .
on behalf of the party central committee and the state council , i would like to extend warm congratulations to all the winners !
I would like to extend sincere greetings and high respect to the scientific and technological personnel on all fronts throughout the country !
for our country , the first 20 years of this century are an important period of strategic opportunity that must be firmly grasped and during which great achievements can be made .
we should concentrate our efforts on building a comparatively well - off society at a higher level that will benefit more than one billion people .
to make good use of this period of strategic opportunity and strive to achieve something , we must place the development of science and technology in a more important and prominent position .
after the 9 / 11 incident , us president bush dished out the strategy of preempting the enemy in june 2002 , put it into practice in us foreign relations , and fought the first preemptive war in iraq in march last year .
the concept of " preemptive attack " not only runs counter to the norms of international law centered on mutual respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity , but will also inevitably lead to dangerous effects of emulation , and a new turbulent situation will emerge in the international order as a result .
in the early days of his preemptive strike theory , some us political leaders raised the following question : what if other countries follow suit one after another ?
of course , over the past two years , more and more countries have claimed to be ready to take the lead , and the number of people who have taken the lead is increasing .
this is a new trend worth paying attention to and studying .
Australian prime minister Howard was the first to show his support when bush put forward the tactic of " taking the lead " .
he said that once reliable information on terrorist attacks on australia is obtained , australia will adopt the tactic of " pre - emptive " against australia and will not hesitate to take military actions in neighboring countries .
he even suggested that the principle of " pre - emptive strikes " should be included in the un charter , arguing that it is necessary to amend the un charter to give countries the right of pre - emptive strikes to crack down on terrorists or countries that support terrorist activities .
in northeast asia , as early as july 1999 , in its " defense white paper , " japan 's defense agency proposed that before facing missile attacks or military incursions , japan could launch pre-emptive strikes against foreign bases .
after the iraq war , japan 's call for a pre - emptive strategy became even louder .
recently , the international public opinion has commented a lot on the current us policy toward africa .
the " foreign policy focus " published by the united states in january this year is entitled " africa policy outlook 2004 . " the article holds that in the past year , the bush administration 's foreign policy has directly or indirectly had a negative impact on africa . in particular , because of the united states ' all - out attention to the war on terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , especially because the united states has no skills in iraq , it has greatly distracted attention from africa .
people still remember that in order to show its concern for africa , the bush administration formulated the president 's emergency plan for aids treatment in january last year , promising to provide africa with at least $ 3 billion a year in funds .
in july last year , president bush visited five african countries , including senegal , south africa , Botswana , uganda , and nigeria , and promised 15 billion us dollars in aid to african countries to fight aids , another 100 million us dollars to fight terrorism in africa , and announced food emergency aid plans , education aid plans , and other aid projects in africa .
at one time , these aid programs were welcomed by african countries and won many international acclaim .
however , a year later , the concrete actions taken by the united states have been delayed .
Africa is in urgent need of assistance .
after entering the new century , africa is facing all kinds of development challenges even more . in order to achieve the development goals set by the united nations for the new century in 2000 , strive to reduce hunger and poverty , and promote health and education , africa has set up the bangladesh african union to coordinate the affairs of the whole continent , and formulated the bangladesh new partnership for africa 's development program aimed at promoting the development of various countries . however , due to its weak economic foundation , development funds have been very short .
the united nations has repeatedly called on developed countries to allocate 0.7 percent of their gdp to official aid to the least developed countries .
however , the united states ' official aid accounted for only 0.1% of its gdp , far short of the united nations ' requirements , and ranked last on the donor list .
recently , european public opinion has been discussing a hot topic : German chancellor Gerhard Schroeder , french president Jacques Chirac , and british prime minister tony Blair 's summit of the three giants is gradually being institutionalized .
public opinion has called Germany , france , and britain , the three big powers , the eu 's new troika , and the relations among the three countries the new triangle .
the new triangle is a new thing , and it remains to be seen where it will go . however , no matter from any angle , on the whole , this new triangle seems to be conducive to the integration process of europe and thus to europe playing an important role in the international arena as a pole in a multipolar world structure .
throughout europe 's 100 - year history , one of the basic characteristics of the german - french - british triangular relations is that britain and france have united , restrained , or resisted Germany .
the two world wars are proof of this .
during the cold war , east and west Germany were pinned down in the Warsaw pact and NATO respectively .
since the end of the cold war , Germany has become stronger after reunification , the western european power structure has become unbalanced , and france has become more suspicious . as a result , the Axis of Zeng , Germany , and france has been dysfunctional for a time , bringing britain and france closer again , and its intention is still to contain Germany .
however , in recent years , with the reactivation of the kosovo - Germany - france axis and the fierce collision of the concepts of unipolarity and multipolarity in the world , the eu has been seriously divided on the iraq issue .
the old Europe , represented by Germany and France , and the new Europe , represented by Britain and Poland , held diametrically opposite positions on the Iraq war .
this split also coincides with the eu 's imminent largest - scale expansion in history .
Egyptian president Hosni mubarak recently made a speech in Cairo on the reform of arab countries , criticizing the outside world for imposing a single reform model on arab countries and warning that such an attempt can only be counterproductive and not conducive to the security and stability of the middle east region .
he held that reform measures should be carried out according to their respective characteristics and capabilities , while a single reform model ignored the cultural background , social customs and religious characteristics of different countries .
at the same time , he pointed out that arab countries welcome foreign help in the reform process , but such efforts should have a clear understanding of different national conditions and respect for the wishes of various countries so as to promote the political , economic , and cultural reform process in arab countries .
the Egyptian leaders ' remarks represent the common views of the arab countries .
at present , under the pressure of anti - terrorism , non - proliferation , and democratic reform , the middle east , as one of the hot spots in the world , is brewing new upheavals and will lead to new integration .
after the wars in afghanistan and iraq , how can iraq , once regarded by the united states as one of the centers of evil , carry out political reconstruction ?
how will the various regimes and social models in the middle east evolve ?
this is of concern not only to the arab world and the international community , but also to the united states and its western allies .
US secretary of state Colin Powell reiterated after meeting with visiting Bahraini crown prince Salman in washington on 9 april that the united states will pursue its plan of democracy and capitalism in a western - style way in iraq and the middle east .
he also stressed that we are considering what else we can do and how to institutionalize these .
last year was the international olympic committee 's year of culture and education .
the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games took advantage of this favorable opportunity to hold a series of educational activities to disseminate advanced culture and popularize olympic knowledge .
among them , the publication of a " textbook on middle school students ' olympic knowledge , " which mainly targets young people , is a very important achievement .
this book is full of pictures and texts . it mainly systematically and vividly introduces the knowledge of the olympic movement and the essence of the olympic spirit in the form of telling stories . it is a good textbook that helps to enhance young students ' understanding of the olympic movement and enhance their enthusiasm for participating in the social olympic games .
last year , the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games specially designed a curriculum made of recycled paper and bearing the emblem of the beijing olympic games for young students .
the idea of a green olympic booth is to prepare for and host the olympic games with sustainable development ideas such as protecting the environment and protecting the ecological balance .
we hope that these curricula will standardize the behavior of young students as stipulated in the class hours , so that they will gradually become practitioners and propagandists of the concept of " green olympic games " .
education is one of the core contents of the olympic games and also an important embodiment of the humanistic olympic games .
the true purpose of the olympic games is to educate young people from a new angle and in a new way and to promote their harmonious physical and mental development so as to contribute to the building of a peaceful and beautiful world .
therefore , the combination of physical education and physical education has not only opened up a new world for the development of education , but also made the olympic games more educational .
this is one of the three major ideas behind beijing 's bid to host the 2008 olympic games .
the core content is to greatly improve the environmental quality of the capital , create a beautiful environment for the olympic games , and build an ecological city .
to this end , it is necessary to extensively adopt environmental protection techniques and means , push forward environmental management , urban and rural greening and beautification , and the development of environmental protection industries on a large scale and in many directions , constantly enhance the whole society 's awareness of environmental protection , and encourage the public to actively participate in various activities to improve the ecological environment .
doing a good job in implementing the " green olympics " is an important task for us to persist in putting people first , establish a comprehensive , coordinated , and sustainable concept of scientific development , and promote beijing 's comprehensive , coordinated , and sustainable economic and social development , as proposed by the third plenary session of the 16th CPC central committee .
we must attach great importance to it .
in order to achieve the goal of a green olympic games , beijing municipality has , on the basis of the " 10th five - year plan " and the " bid report , " compiled the " olympic action plan " and the " ecological and environmental protection plan , " and formulated new targets and plans for environmental construction and protection in the next few years .
through a planned and step - by - step implementation , the goal of holding a green olympic games will be fully realized .
on 25 february , the us state department issued the " country reports on human rights in 2003 , " again commenting on the human rights situation in more than 190 countries and regions , including china . this is exactly the same tone as that of a teacher . the human rights situation in many countries is not good enough to meet us standards and is very bad . some other countries have retrogressed in key areas of human rights , and so on .
of course , there are still countries where the human rights situation has greatly improved , such as afghanistan and iraq , but this is a credit to the us military for overthrowing the former regime and liberating the two countries .
what about the human rights situation in the united states ?
as in previous years , the report did not say a word .
on 1 march , the information office of the chinese state council published the " us human rights record in 2003 , " which made up for the inadequacy of the us human rights report .
based on a large number of facts , the article introduces the existing human rights problems in the united states and the united states ' violation of other countries ' human rights .
in history , Americans have a tradition of stressing honesty and admitting mistakes .
the well - known story of George Washington chopping cherry trees as a child is a vivid example .
now that the united states has become the only superpower in the world , it is no longer telling the truth .
recently , there has been a quiet change in japan 's mainstream media reports on china 's economic development .
contrary to the previous china threat theory , many reports in japan now begin to believe that china 's economic development has promoted japan 's economic recovery , and china 's vigorous market demand has become an important driving force for japan 's economic development .
the us weekly Newsweek also recently carried an article saying that china 's rise is an opportunity and not a threat to other countries , especially neighboring countries .
the much-publicized Theory of the Threat to China is being replaced by the Theory of Opportunity to China .
China threat theory asserts that china 's development will pose a threat to other countries , especially neighboring countries .
yet this provocative assertion has not been accepted by china &apos;s neighbours .
former Malaysian prime minister Mahathir said bluntly that Asian countries need not be afraid of china 's increasing military and economic strength , because china has no tradition of conquest abroad .
the indian defense ministry also held in a long - term plan that china does not pose a military threat to india .
on the economic and trade front , governments and enterprises of all countries regard china as the best choice for expanding the market . overseas investors with strategic vision firmly use their actions to write the theory of opportunities in china : among the top 500 enterprises in the world , more than 400 have come to invest in china .
China has been in the forefront of the world in attracting foreign capital for several years in a row .
GDP is an important macro-economic indicator in the world .
it is of the utmost importance to maintain the growth of GDP in the whole process of modernization in our country .
in view of the fact that every percentage point increase in china 's gdp can correspondingly boost the employment of more than 800,000 people , we must all maintain the momentum of rapid economic growth .
the realization of the grand goal of building a moderately prosperous society in an all - round way and the third - step strategic goal of modernization to a great extent depends on the sustained and rapid growth of the gdp .
however , we should note that GDP indicators are also flawed .
for example , it is not easy to accurately reflect the quality and structure of economic growth , the level of social welfare that people actually enjoy , nor can it accurately measure social distribution and social justice , and so on .
on the other hand , gdp is not the only one .
in assessing our political achievements , we should not only look at the growth of our gdp , but also at the actual material and cultural life of the masses , the employment situation , social security , and even social justice , social order , social management , and social harmony in this region .
therefore , we should treat the existing GDP accounting system with scientific spirit , scientific attitude and scientific method of thinking , and put GDP in a correct position in the overall economic and social development .
while maintaining a certain growth rate , we must not attach too much importance to it , still less one - sidedly and deliberately pursue it .
since the security council delegation visited six west african countries at the end of june last year , the overall situation in the entire region has undergone encouraging changes , although the situation in some individual countries has been repeated for a time .
we are pleased to note that the Government of Sierra Leone is making positive progress in increasing the capacity of the army and police , strengthening control over diamonds in the country and organizing local government elections , and that UNAMSIL is gradually downsizing in accordance with established plans .
it is also reassuring that , with the deployment of UNMIL , Liberia is gradually emerging from the effects of prolonged war and embarking on the path of recovery and reconstruction .
the political process in guinea Bissau has also made positive progress , and the transitional government has pledged to hold legislative elections in march this year .
the peace process in Cote d'ivoire has taken a turn for the better after some setbacks . the parties have pledged to implement the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement , the Forces nouvelles have announced their return to the Government of National Reconciliation , and the Security Council is studying the question of sending a peacekeeping operation to that country .
we look forward to an early decision by the security council on this matter .
the secretariat , ECOWAS and the parties concerned have also worked from a regional perspective to address cross-border issues such as small arms , mercenaries and child soldiers , with positive results .
while fully affirming the above progress , we should note that there is still a fragile side to the overall situation in the west african region . in particular , due to geographical and historical reasons , various countries in the region are closely linked and the situation affects each other . turbulence in one country often affects neighboring countries and even the entire region .
therefore , as recommended in the report of the Security Council , the international community , including the Council , must adhere to an integrated and comprehensive strategy in resolving the problems in West Africa and make great efforts to resolve the relevant cross-border issues . at the same time , it should actively help the countries concerned and regional and subregional organizations such as the African Union and ECOWAS to strengthen their capacity for conflict prevention and resolution .
we have a common understanding that children are the future of the world .
we have an obligation to create the best and most suitable conditions for them to live and study in the interests of their growth , maturity and success .
it was regrettable , however , that in today &apos;s world , millions of children were still suffering from armed conflicts .
they experienced turmoil and backwardness , they saw violence and destruction , they suffered harm and abuse , and they felt sadness and helplessness .
the protection of children from armed conflict was therefore an important responsibility of the international community .
all countries , especially the parties to the conflict , should make the greatest efforts to this end .
we are pleased to see that in recent years the united nations has taken a series of measures to promote the protection of children in armed conflicts and has achieved positive results .
the Council has adopted four successive resolutions , 1261 ( 1999 ) , 1314 ( 2000 ) , 1379 ( 2001 ) and 1460 ( 2003 ) , providing an important framework for the protection of children .
United Nations peacekeeping operations deployed in some regions have made the protection of children an important task , including the appointment of child protection advisers and the full consideration of the special needs of children in assisting host countries in their disarmament , demobilization and reintegration plans .
some peace agreements reached with the facilitation or participation of the United Nations also contain provisions for the protection of children .
national reconciliation is an important condition for the establishment of lasting peace and stability in post-conflict areas .
after the conflict ceases , it will be difficult to truly consolidate the peace situation , and even the flames of conflict may be rekindled , if the parties concerned are unable to discard their old grievances and dispel them .
in many cases , the realization of national reconciliation after a conflict requires the joint efforts of all parties concerned , as well as the support and assistance of the international community , especially the united nations .
over the years , the united nations has played a useful role in helping promote the process of national reconciliation in post - conflict countries , and has accumulated a lot of experience . on the whole , we believe that to successfully help post - conflict countries achieve national reconciliation , the united nations must properly handle the following three major relations :
consider the relationship between immediate needs and long-term goals .
national reconciliation usually takes a certain process and is difficult to achieve overnight .
there should be different priorities at different stages .
to promote national reconciliation , it is first necessary to allow all former combatants to bid farewell to their weapons and create a safe environment .
efforts to disarm , demobilize and reintegrate former combatants are important during this phase .
we are pleased to see that the situation in bosnia - herzegovina has become increasingly stable , relations among all ethnic groups have further eased , economic reconstruction has begun to bear fruit , the return of refugees has been basically completed , and relations with neighboring countries have been improving day by day .
it is gratifying that the peace process in bosnia - herzegovina has made such progress .
we would like to congratulate the government and people of bosnia - herzegovina and sincerely hope that all sides in bosnia - herzegovina will continue their efforts to further strengthen mutual trust and cooperation and continue to push forward the peace process .
at the same time , we also note that institutional and capacity building at the state level in bosnia - herzegovina still needs to be further improved . in particular , reforms in the judicial , police , and other fields are still facing challenges .
we believe it is appropriate for the high representative to make this the focus of his work in the first half of this year , and we support the Bosnian government 's active cooperation with the high representative .
it is believed that with the help of the international community , the Bosnian people will continue to make new achievements on the road of building their own country , embark on the road of independent development at an early date , and further realize the goal of integration into european integration .
peace and stability in Bosnia and Herzegovina are of great significance for the achievement of lasting peace and development in the region .
the chinese side has always followed closely the development of the situation in bosnia - herzegovina and , together with the international community , will continue to make its own contributions to helping bosnia - herzegovina achieve long - term peace and stability and economic development .
China appreciates the efforts made by the CTC to promote the implementation of resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) by all countries and to help strengthen the counter-terrorism capacity of developing countries , and supports the CTC in strengthening coordination and cooperation with relevant international , regional and subregional organizations in the international fight against terrorism .
at the same time , we hope that the CTC will step up its anti - terrorism assistance and make efforts to meet the actual requirements of developing countries .
at present , the issue of revitalizing the Counter-Terrorism Committee has attracted the attention of the vast number of Member States .
following repeated consultations , the CTC submitted its official report , which was circulated as a document of the Council .
through more than two years of practice , the existing structure and modus operandi of the CTC have indeed revealed shortcomings , such as too heavy a reporting burden on Member States , too many meetings and documents , the need to improve the effectiveness of its work , and inadequate coordination among experts .
we therefore fully support the necessary reform of the Counter-Terrorism Committee , we endorse the package proposed in the report , such as the establishment of an Executive Council of the Counter-Terrorism Committee , and we hope that the existing problems , in particular the excessive reporting burden on the general membership , will be properly resolved as soon as possible .
here , i would like to stress that revitalization and reform is an ongoing process and that the CTC should maintain policy guidance and direction in the work of the executive council no matter how it is reformed , and that any decision should be made unanimously and in consultation at the plenary session of the CTC .
in recent years , the issue of small arms has been closely followed by the international community .
this shows that there is a growing awareness of the harm caused by the excessive accumulation of and illicit trafficking in small arms to the stability , post - war reconstruction and social development of the regions and countries concerned .
fortunately , the united nations has taken a series of effective actions to solve this problem .
in 2001 , the " firearms protocol " annexed to the " un convention against transnational organized crime " and the " program of action " on small arms were successively concluded .
it provides a legal and policy basis for properly addressing the problem of small arms and demonstrates the determination of the international community to combat the illicit trade in small arms .
over the past three years , the international community has made great progress in promoting the entry into force of the " Firearms Protocol " and in implementing the " Programme of Action . " in particular , the successful convening of the first biennial meeting of the united nations on small arms in 2003 has provided a new impetus for the continued comprehensive and practical implementation of the " Programme of Action . "
in its resolution 58 / 241 , adopted at the current session , the un general assembly decided to establish a working group to negotiate an international instrument on the marking and tracing of illicit small arms , which will undoubtedly give further impetus to the efforts of the international community to combat the illicit trade in small arms .
similarly , the Council has also paid increasing attention to the issue of small arms and has conducted special deliberations on several occasions and adopted relevant presidential statements and resolutions .
moreover , in its deliberations on a range of issues related to the protection of civilians , women and children in conflict , the Council has stressed the importance of addressing the issue of small arms .
economic development and poverty eradication are the basic prerequisites for achieving sustainable development .
sustainable economic development is the material foundation for environmental protection and all - round social progress .
if we do not resolve the issue of survival , we cannot talk about development , let alone sustainable development .
promoting economic development and striving to eliminate poverty is the only way for developing countries to move toward sustainable development .
without solving the problem of poverty in the developing countries , the development of the developed countries will be difficult to sustain .
rational utilization of resources and protection of the environment are inevitable requirements for achieving sustainable development .
development could not be sustained at the expense of resources and the environment .
natural resources are not inexhaustible and inexhaustible , but the demand for human social development is constantly increasing . if the relationship between the two sides is not properly handled , it will inevitably lead to the deterioration of the ecological environment and seriously threaten the survival and development of mankind .
only by following the path of circular economy based on the most effective use of resources and protection of the environment can sustainable development be realized .
achieving all - round social progress and improving the people 's living standards and quality of life is the ultimate goal of sustainable development .
a year ago , the ninth APEC leaders ' informal meeting was held on the banks of the Huangpu river in Shanghai , and the scene is still vivid to this day .
today , we are gathered in the beautiful los Cabos on the other side of the pacific ocean to discuss the great plan for asia - pacific economic cooperation .
my old friend was very happy to meet me .
I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt thanks to president fox for his gracious invitation and the meticulous arrangements made by the Mexican government .
over the past year , the trend of economic globalization has continued to develop , and scientific and technological progress has changed with each passing day , bringing new development opportunities to various countries .
at the same time , uncertainties in global economic development have increased , and some countries and regions , including relevant APEC members , are facing new challenges in the process of economic development .
protectionism is on the rise again , and there is still a long way to go to achieve free , fair and just trade .
the fight against terrorism was arduous and complex , and non-traditional security factors had increased .
our world is far from tranquil .
although the international community is still facing problems of one kind or another and may encounter problems of one kind or another in the future , the trend of the times for peace and development is irreversible , and the aspirations of the peoples of all countries for a better life have not changed .
the theme of this dialogue meeting is development , which is of great significance .
development is the basis for the progress of human civilization and the key to resolving all kinds of contradictions and problems facing the world .
only by achieving global coordination , balance , and universal development can lasting peace and stability in the world be realized .
we should explore this issue in a comprehensive and in - depth manner and work together to resolve it .
the accelerated development of the trend of economic globalization has become one of the most striking characteristics of the world economy today .
driven by the trend of economic globalization , various countries and regions have become increasingly linked , their markets have become more open , and the flow of funds , technology , and qualified personnel has become more extensive and rapid . all this has brought unprecedented opportunities for strengthening international cooperation and promoting common development .
at the same time , the development of the trend of economic globalization has also brought severe challenges . the gap between the north and the south has widened , some developing countries are in danger of being further marginalized , economic and financial risks have increased , and transnational crimes are serious . all this has increased the urgency of developing international cooperation and jointly meeting challenges .
at this moment when opportunities and challenges coexist , we should seize the opportunities and meet the challenges , seek common ground while reserving differences , expand cooperation , and promote the evolution of economic globalization in the direction of achieving common development and prosperity .
( international ) us flu epidemic peaks
Xinhua news agency , los Angeles , december 31 ( reporter Yan Liang ) - the center for disease control and prevention of the united states said on the 31st that the pandemic flu , which has not been seen in the united states for more than 30 years , has now reached a peak , with 45 out of 50 states in the united states showing a relatively large area of flu spreading and deaths caused by flu increasing rapidly .
according to the center 's statistics as of december 20 , the number of deaths caused by influenza in the united states has reached a record high of 7.8 percent of all deaths in the same period .
at least 42 children across the united states have died of flu and adult deaths have also risen rapidly , but it is not yet possible to accurately count the number of deaths .
experts believe that there are two reasons for the serious spread of influenza in 2003 : first , the flu virus is not the type a flu virus that was prevalent in Panama in previous years , making the vaccines produced earlier unable to effectively prevent the virus , and second , the united states had a surplus of flu vaccines last year , and the two major vaccine suppliers reduced their production to 83 million doses this year , resulting in a shortage of vaccines this year .
although the united states has an average of 36,000 deaths and 114,000 hospitalizations per year , it is still rare for the flu to cause a certain degree of social panic .
William Thompson , an epidemiologist in the united states , said the flu was the worst in the united states in more than 30 years , and it was earlier than in previous years . a large area of flu had spread in many schools , and long queues had been formed in many places where the flu vaccine had been administered .
faced with such a grim situation , the us department of health activated an emergency treatment center on 19 december and dispatched teams of medical experts to various states .
three killed in traffic accident in Zhejiang
Xinhua news agency , Hangzhou , january 1 ( Fang Lie , Zhang hongming ) - an extraordinarily serious traffic accident occurred in Ninghai county , Zhejiang province , in the early morning of the 1 st .
due to heavy fog , an overloaded car collided with a large lorry , killing three people and injuring four others in the car .
at about 2 : 00 am on the 1 st , driver hua drove a red flag taxi , licence plate Zhejiang BT 8705 , from Linhai to Ninghai , carrying six passengers .
at that time , the road was foggy and the line of sight was not clear .
when the taxi reached a distance of 700 meters from the Yonglinline , it collided with a large truck of Hebei 35378 , which was travelling in the same direction .
it was learned that at that time , the large lorry drove from the overpass lane into the main lane , but the taxi could not make way . it crashed from the middle of the lorry into the bottom of the lorry , causing serious deformation of the vehicle . three of the seven people in the vehicle , including the driver , were killed on the spot .
after the accident occurred , the Zhejiang provincial traffic police department promptly issued a circular demanding that the provincial traffic police department immediately take measures to strengthen traffic management under adverse weather conditions , prevent overloading and speeding of vehicles from causing accidents , and ensure road traffic safety during the spring festival transportation period .
( international ) 14 earthquake survivors rescued in iran
Xinhua news agency , Tehran , january 1 , Iranian national radio said on the 1 st that Iranian rescue workers on the 31 st and 1 st successively found 14 more survivors among the ruins of the earthquake - stricken area in Bam .
" we have saved at least one life , " said ali Ashjaa Namadari , a member of the Iranian red crescent society , who rescued a young shop owner from under the wardrobe on the 1 st .
I have been to the battlefield and been tested many times , but i have never been so happy .
Iranian state radio said rescuers also rescued a nine - year - old girl and a pregnant woman from the rubble of the house .
their physical condition is very weak .
rescuers found 11 survivors Monday , including a 4 - month - old baby and an 80 - year - old woman , state radio reported .
but rescuers believe that with the passage of time , the chances of finding survivors are slim .
according to statistics , rescuers have found about 28,000 bodies at the earthquake site and buried some of them .
in addition , they rescued 2,000 survivors from the rubble , most of whom were found the day after the earthquake .
according to the latest report on the earthquake disaster in Bam , iran , released by the united nations humanitarian coordination office on the 31st , the death toll from the earthquake in Bam is expected to rise to 34,000 according to information collected from the earthquake - stricken areas and other sources .
( international ) Americans greet new year with floats and winter swimming
Xinhua news agency , washington , january 1 , various celebrations were held in the united states on the 1 st to welcome the arrival of the new year .
the most eye - catching are the annual Rose Ridge parade in los Angeles , California , and the winter swimming competition in Minnesota .
on the same day , hundreds of thousands of tourists gathered in the streets of los Angeles to watch the 115 th ballet parade and to experience the joyful atmosphere brought about by the new year among the wonderful performances of the band and the splendid parade of floats .
los Angeles police have taken unprecedented security measures to prevent terrorist activities .
more than 1,000 police officers and a large number of plainclothes men infiltrated the crowd to monitor suspicious figures .
the police also used various measures such as video cameras , helicopters , police dogs , and so on to monitor the demonstration site , and closely inspected suspicious objects .
about 100 vehicles parked near the parade route were searched by the police on the same day .
in chilly Minnesota , about 500 people took part in the 14 th Minnesota winter swimming competition to raise money for local charities .
the participants ' brave acts of diving and swimming in the icy cold water attracted a large number of spectators and won the unanimous applause and support of the people .
( international ) south Asian foreign ministers discuss free trade zone and anti - terrorism issues
Xinhua news agency , Islamabad , january 2 ( reporter Zhang ning ) - the two - day meeting of the foreign ministers of the south Asian association for regional cooperation ( SAARC ) opened in Islamabad on the 2nd . the foreign ministers of the member countries of SAARC will discuss such important issues as the establishment of the south Asian free trade zone and the signing of an additional protocol on anti - terrorism .
during the meeting , the foreign ministers of various countries will also study concrete ways of cooperation in stopping trafficking in women and children , protecting the rights and interests of children , and establishing a foundation for the disabled .
the foreign minister of Pakistan , the host country , was elected president of the meeting .
in his speech , he called on the member countries of SAARC to strengthen cooperation and exchanges , enhance mutual understanding , make joint efforts to safeguard peace and stability in the region , and create conditions for eliminating poverty and promoting economic development in the region .
the SAARC foreign ministers ' meeting is a preparatory meeting for the SAARC summit .
the 12th SAARC summit will be held in Islamabad from 4 to 6 january . heads of state or government of seven SAARC member countries , namely , bangladesh , bhutan , Maldives , Nepal , india , Pakistan , and Sri lanka , will attend the summit .
the SAARC summit is particularly eye - catching because of speculation that the leaders of india and Pakistan may hold talks on bilateral relations during the meeting .
( international ) US Rescue Team Says Aid to Iran has No Political Color
Xinhua news agency , Bam ( iran ) , january 2 ( reporter Jiang xiaofeng and Liao zhenyun ) - Stef Zaitlin , director of the USAID humanitarian aid project , who is taking part in earthquake relief work in the Bam region of iran , told Xinhua reporters on the 2nd that the us rescue team 's participation in relief activities in iran has no political overtones .
Katrin pointed out that the formation of this rescue team by the us side has nothing to do with politics , and the united states has provided similar humanitarian assistance to iran in the past .
he said the rescue team , composed of 84 people , had set up an urban search and rescue team and a field hospital in the Bam area , and several detachments were responsible for assessing the damage to houses in the city .
they also brought in plastic sheeting , tents and other relief supplies .
asked how long the us rescue team will stay in Bam , Katrin said : " master Chang ( the Iranian government ) will allow us to stay as long as possible . "
Katrin also said that the activities of the us rescue team in Bam were free , and there was no Iranian police to protect or follow them .
in addition , he said , the Iranian government 's response to the earthquake and its ability to deal with the disaster situation are excellent and outstanding .
USAID is a subsidiary of the international development cooperation agency and is under the administration of the us state department .
since the united states and iran severed diplomatic ties in 1980 , the two sides have not resumed normal relations .
the United States still regards Iran as one of the countries that support terrorism and one of the countries that stand on the axis of evil .
the us rescue team came to iran at the invitation of iran 's ambassador to the united nations .
( international ) Israeli deputy prime minister denies plans to expand golan heights settlement
Xinhua news agency , london , january 2 , Israeli deputy prime minister Ehud Olmert denied on the 2 nd that Israel plans to expand Jewish settlements in the golan heights , saying that there is neither such a plan nor such a policy of detente .
Israeli agriculture minister Katz told the media on december 31 that the Israeli government plans to double the number of Jewish settlers living in the golan heights in order to strengthen its control over the golan heights before opening a peaceful dialogue with Syria .
in an interview with BBC , Olmert said Katz was wrong about plans to develop agriculture , tourism and settlements in the Golan Heights .
he said : in the past two days , i have repeatedly verified with the prime minister and the finance minister that according to the government 's commitments , there is no such approved plan .
he said that although some ministers endorsed such plans , the government would never support them .
the golan heights was seized from Syria by Israel during the third middle east war in 1967 , with a total of 17,000 Jewish settlers .
as a result , Syria and Israel have been at war for a long time .
Katz 's remarks on the expansion of settlements in the golan heights immediately aroused widespread international attention . Syria condemned Israel 's intention to expand , stressing that it was illegal .
China &apos;s hi @-@ tech modern weaponry industry is in its infancy
Xinhua news agency , beijing , january 3 ( reporter li zhiyan and li bin ) in the past year , the china weaponry industry group corporation , one of the top 10 military industrial enterprises in china , made great progress in developing and reforming new and high - tech weaponry and equipment to extricate itself from difficulties .
Ma zhigeng , general manager of the china weapons industry group company , said here today that the company 's sales revenue in 2003 was 49.7 billion yuan , an increase of 19.7 percent over the same period last year .
the weapons industry is china 's largest industry in the field of science , technology , and industry for national defense , and has a basic strategic position in national defense modernization construction .
in recent years , the china weaponry industry group company has adhered to the principle of leading in science and technology and putting talented people first . on the one hand , it has grasped the research and development of high - tech weapons , on the other hand , it has grasped the reform and rescue of difficulties , and on the other hand , it has successfully developed a batch of high - tech weapons and equipment urgently needed by the chinese armed forces , thus forming a batch of high - tech military product development and production capacity .
at the same time , the china weaponry industry group corporation made great efforts to carry out structural readjustment , and implemented bankruptcy and closure in a total of 21 enterprises . the total number of employees was reduced from 476,000 at the time of the establishment of the group company to 360,000 , resulting in a net reduction of 116,000 personnel , and six enterprises were reorganized and listed on the stock market .
( international ) Mongolian animal husbandry situation improves in 2003
Xinhua news agency report of january 5 from ulan Bator ( by staff reporter lu guodong ) - according to local media reports on the 5 th , by the end of 2003 , mongolia 's livestock reserves stood at 25,307,800 head , an increase of 1,623,300 head over the same period last year .
this is the first time that Mongolian livestock stocks have rebounded after three consecutive years of drastic decline .
last summer , there was plenty of rain and no heavy snow in spring and winter , creating favorable conditions for the improvement of animal husbandry in mongolia .
by the end of 2003 , the country had 255,600 camels , 1,958,300 horses , 1,784,300 cattle , 10,706,200 sheep and 10,603,400 goats .
compared with the same period last year , the number of camels , goats and sheep increased , while the number of horses and cattle decreased .
Mongolia 's animal husbandry was basically privatized in the 1990 s .
however , after privatization , animal husbandry is entirely dependent on the weather to make a living .
from 1994 to 1999 , Mongolian animal husbandry flourished for six consecutive years due to favorable weather conditions .
at the end of 1999 , mongolia 's animal husbandry reached a record high of 33.5 million head .
however , from 2000 to 2002 , mongolia 's animal husbandry suffered three consecutive years of heavy snow in winter and drought in summer .
at the end of 2002 , there were only 23.6845 million livestock in mongolia , a decline of 9.8155 million in three years .
( international ) DPRK to use military force against us
Xinhua news agency , Pyongyang , january 6 ( reporter ji xinlong ) the DPRK central news agency issued a comment on the 6th demanding that the united states respond in good faith to the DPRK 's efforts to resolve the nuclear issue , and said that the DPRK will vigorously strengthen its military strength and deal with the us military force with military strength .
the commentary said : to ease tension on the Korean peninsula and ensure peace and stability on the Korean peninsula , the most important thing is to peacefully resolve the nuclear issue between the DPRK and the united states through dialogue .
the DPRK has put forward a package solution based on the principle of simultaneous action .
the commentary reiterated that the peaceful settlement of the nuclear issue through dialogue has always been the DPRK 's principled stand .
the us government should treat this stance of the DPRK with goodwill .
however , the united states has recently brought weapons and other advanced weapons tested in the battlefields of afghanistan and iraq into south korea on a large scale , and is speeding up preparations for starting a new war .
the commentary also said : the DPRK will respond to the tough policy of the united states of comprehensively denying and threatening the DPRK 's ideology and system with super - strong force . this is a self-defense option that the DPRK should adopt to safeguard its sovereignty and right to existence and safeguard peace and stability on the Korean peninsula and in the region .
the greater the threat from the united states , the more the DPRK will further strengthen its anti - imperialist military front and use military force against the united states .
( international ) us service industry still lags behind manufacturing industry growth
Xinhua news agency report of january 6th from new york ( by staff reporter Xue Yanping ) - a report released on the 6th by the supply management association , a well - known us research organization , shows that the us service industry index dropped in december last year , indicating that the growth of the service industry is still lagging behind that of the manufacturing industry .
the index of service industries , including retail , financial , construction and other non - manufacturing sectors , fell to 58.6 in december from 60.1 in the previous month , according to the report .
according to the standards of the supply management association , a service index higher than 50 represents industry expansion and a decrease below 50 represents industry contraction .
the us manufacturing index rose sharply in december to its highest level in 20 years , according to another report released by the institute of supply management on Tuesday .
this shows that the growth of the service industry in the united states is still lagging behind the manufacturing industry .
the growth of the manufacturing industry is conducive to expanding employment and promoting economic growth , but the growth of the service industry plays a greater role in reducing unemployment and promoting economic growth .
( international ) li Zhaoxing congratulates SAARC summit on success
Xinhua news agency , beijing , january 7 , chinese foreign minister li Zhaoxing , who is currently visiting the Comoros , had a telephone conversation with Pakistani foreign minister Kasouri on the 6 th to warmly congratulate the successful summit of the south Asian association for regional cooperation ( SAARC ) held in Islamabad .
Li Zhaoxing said : the important documents adopted at the meeting set development goals for the SAARC process , will promote the cause of peace and development in the region , and is in the interests of the peoples of all south Asian countries .
as a friendly neighbor , china sincerely hopes that south asia will maintain peace and stability and move toward prosperity .
China is willing to work together with all south Asian countries , including Pakistan , to promote peace and development in the region .
Li Zhaoxing also said that Pakistani and indian leaders met bilaterally during the meeting and reiterated that they would take further measures to ease relations .
the chinese side welcomes and supports this and is willing to make its own contribution to promoting peace and development in south asia .
Kasuri spoke highly of china 's constructive role in promoting peace and development in south asia .
he said : Pakistan is willing to continue to strengthen friendly and mutually beneficial cooperation with china in order to benefit the people of the two countries and make due contributions to the cause of regional and world peace and development .
Hong kong has 6888 registered enterprises in beijing
Xinhua news agency , beijing , january 7 ( reporter zhu huaying and Chen jianxing ) as of the end of 2003 , Hong kong registered 6,888 enterprises in beijing , and the total investment contract value of Hong kong businessmen in beijing reached 17.9 billion us dollars , accounting for 43 percent of beijing 's total foreign investment .
the service sector accounts for 43 percent of beijing 's total foreign investment and the manufacturing sector accounts for 24 percent .
this was revealed by lu hao , vice mayor of beijing municipality , at the CEPA Hong kong and Macao ( mainland ) promotion week and the mainland - Hong kong - Macao economic and trade cooperation development symposium held here on 7 july .
Lu hao said : the beijing municipal government attaches great importance to economic and trade cooperation with Hong kong and Macao . on 2 january , it announced to all sectors of society the relevant policies and arrangements of the beijing municipal government to further promote the implementation of the CEPA .
he said : there is great potential for cooperation between beijing and Hong kong and Macao . this potential mainly comes from three aspects : first , it comes from similar economic organizations in the beijing region and Hong kong and Macao regions ; second , it comes from the respective advantages of beijing and Hong kong and Macao ; and third , it comes from the existing economic and trade relations and friendly personnel exchanges between beijing and Hong kong and Macao .
( international ) 35 wounded in attack on us military base in iraq
Xinhua news agency report of january 7 from Baghdad ( by staff reporter li jizhi and nie xiaoyang ) - the us military in iraq issued a statement on the evening of the 7 th saying that a us logistics base in western Baghdad was hit by mortar fire that night , injuring 35 soldiers .
at about 0645 local time , unidentified armed men fired mortars at the base and six shells hit the base , the statement said .
at present , the wounded soldiers have been transferred to a nearby field hospital for medical treatment , but the statement did not disclose the condition of the wounded or more details of the incident .
although the shelling did not result in the death of us troops , it was one of the fiercest attacks on us troops in iraq since former Iraqi president Saddam was arrested on 13 december last year .
since the us - british coalition launched the iraq war in march last year , 331 us soldiers have been attacked and killed in iraq .
according to another report , unidentified armed men opened fire on a checkpoint near the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk on the morning of the 7 th , and then fled .
an Iraqi police officer and a civilian were shot dead .
since the coalition forces occupied iraq , nearly 200 Iraqi police have been killed in various kinds of attacks .
( international ) portuguese old birthday star to celebrate 113 th birthday
Xinhua news agency , lisbon , january 7 ( reporter Zhao Xiaozhong ) - according to a report by the portuguese media on the 7th , Catarina , Portugal 's second longevity world record , will celebrate her 113 th birthday with her family on the 9th .
Carrero was born on january 9 , 1891 and currently lives in the town of Nova Idania in the browncouburg district of central Portugal .
she has six children , 26 grandchildren , 39 great-grandchildren and great-grandchildren , and seven great-grandchildren .
on her 113 th birthday , five generations will gather to celebrate her birthday .
however , Carrero 's family said that there would be no faux pas at that time , because the old lady was too old and too weak to get up every afternoon .
according to portuguese media reports , according to Guinness records , the world 's first female birthday star is Charlotte benkel , an american born on november 6 , 1889 .
Charlotte benkel and Catarina da Carrero have yet to break the french record for longevity set by Jean - Anoun Kalman , who died in 1997 at the age of 122 .
Shenzhen implements SARS health quarantine for incoming and outgoing drivers
Xinhua news agency , Shenzhen , january 8 ( li nanling , hongwen ) - in order to effectively prevent the spread of infectious atypical pneumonia through the Shenzhen port and protect people 's health , the Shenzhen inspection and quarantine bureau recently issued a public announcement , deciding to comprehensively implement health and quarantine measures such as taking body temperature and filling out health and quarantine declaration cards for entry and exit drivers at Huanggang , wenjindu , and shatoujiao land ports from the 9th .
it has been learned that due to the relatively large number of entry and exit vehicles at the Shenzhen port , such as the average number of daily entry and exit vehicles at Huanggang port and the number of vehicles at wenjindu port , it is quite difficult not only to ensure the smooth operation of the port but also to carry out health quarantine on all drivers .
in order to do a good job in checking the body temperature of entry and exit drivers and collecting health and quarantine declaration cards , the Shenzhen inspection and quarantine bureau has overcome all kinds of difficulties . in addition to sending additional personnel to the front line of the port , the Shenzhen inspection and quarantine bureau has recently urgently recruited more than 250 people . after conducting intensive training , all of them have been sent to the front line of the port to ensure the safety and smoothness of the port . at the same time , the Shenzhen inspection and quarantine bureau has also purchased 60 portable infrared rapid thermometers to meet the needs of the work .
the Shenzhen inspection and quarantine bureau drew the attention of all relevant units and entry - exit drivers to the fact that the " entry - exit health quarantine declaration card " can be obtained at work points where the inspection and quarantine departments at various ports renew the " inspection and quarantine supervision book for entry - exit vehicles and goods ( persons ) " or at work points where the body temperature is measured and the health quarantine declaration card is collected .
at the same time , the bureau appealed to relevant units and entry - exit drivers to work together to do a good job in this work , effectively prevent the spread of sars through the Shenzhen port , and protect people 's health .
( international ) US Dollar Falls Again
Xinhua news agency , new york , january 8 , under the influence of a speech by the president of the european central bank , the us dollar 's exchange rate fell back to a low on the 8 th after a short - lived recovery on the 7 th .
Jean - Claude Trichet , governor of the european central bank , commented on the same day that the high euro exchange rate has had a negative impact on european enterprises ' exports , but he believes that the impact of the euro 's appreciation has been partly offset by the gradual recovery of the world economy and the turn of consumer demand .
he also pointed out that the strong euro also played a positive role in price stability in the euro zone to a certain extent , so the european central bank decided to maintain the original interest rate level .
investors saw the comments as a sign that euro zone officials were not worried about the appreciation of the euro , so they sold off the us dollar one after another , causing the us dollar to fall against other major western currencies across the board and the pound once rose to an 11 - year high against the us dollar .
the euro rose from 1.2640 to 1.2761 , the pound rose from 1.8180 to 1.8320 , reaching 1.8354 , the yen fell from 106.27 to 106.17 , and the dollar fell from 1.2398 to 1.2267 .
( sports ) Rusedsky : I &apos;m a victim of ATP
Xinhua news agency , london , january 9 - tennis player Rusedsky , who admitted that he had tested positive for drugs , said on the 9th that there were many tennis players taking doping , and that he was just a scapegoat of the professional tennis players association .
Rusedsky is the no . 2 player in the british men 's tennis .
he admitted on the 8 th that he received a drug test during a tour in july last year , and that the professional tennis player association 's drug examiner had informed him that the urine sample contained low concentrations of the synthetic steroid noron .
on the 9 th , Rusedsky said that in fact , more than 40 top tennis players had been found to have urine samples containing noron with a higher concentration than his , but he was only a victim in the end .
the 30 - year - old Rusedsky said : I happen to have been selected . this kind of treatment is wrong , unfair , and discriminatory .
instead of suing me , they should have investigated the whole story .
Rusedsky vowed to fight to the end for his injustice .
he categorically denies any use of drugs to improve his performance .
he said that the root of the incident was not himself , but the entire tennis community .
( Hong Kong , Macao and Taiwan ) CEPA Opens New Scene for Legal Profession in Hong Kong
Xinhua news agency , Hong kong , january 12 ( reporter liu Shiping ) - director of the department of justice of the Hong kong special administrative region government , Elsie Leung , said on the 12th that the " mainland and Hong kong closer economic partnership arrangement " ( CEPA ) has created a win - win situation for the legal circles in Hong kong and the mainland : Hong kong lawyers can benefit from the mainland 's sustained economic growth and can also help the mainland improve its professional knowledge in international trade and financial affairs .
speaking at the opening ceremony of the legal year 2004 , ms Leung said that the department of justice had helped negotiate the legal services provisions of CEPA and continued to contribute to the legal services co - operation agreement , the promotion of Hong kong and the legal services information network :
he urged lawyers from Hong kong and the mainland to establish a systematic cooperative relationship so as to complement each other 's strengths and achieve mutual benefit .
the department of justice proposes to sign legal services co - operation agreements with various provinces and municipalities under the CEPA framework to facilitate systematic co - operation between the two sides .
at present , the Department of Justice has signed cooperation agreements with judicial bureaus in Beijing , Shanghai and other places .
she continued to promote Hong Kong as a centre for legal services and dispute resolution .
she plans to set up a legal services information website to provide information on lawyers from Hong kong and the mainland , and hopes to include information on lawyers from Macao and Taiwan .
with the implementation of CEPA on 1 july , Hong kong lawyers can expand their business in the mainland market in a number of ways , such as joining hands with mainland law firms , being hired by mainland law firms as legal advisers in Hong kong , or having obtained the qualification of lawyers of the people 's republic of china , having the right to practice in the mainland on a limited basis .
( international ) Lebanon calls on eu to make efforts to restore middle east stability
Xinhua news agency report of january 12th from Beirut ( by staff reporter pan Liwen ) - Lebanon 's president Lahoud called on the eu to make efforts to restore stability in the middle east region when he met with eu middle east envoy mark Tsenaut here on the 12th .
Lahoud said that the eu can play an important role in restoring stability in the middle east region .
the parties concerned in the middle east should renounce the use of force and return to the negotiating table as soon as possible .
he said : Lebanon supports the resumption of arab - Israeli peace talks with the aim of promoting the implementation of relevant un resolutions .
Lahoud pointed out that the arab peace proposal decided by the arab summit in Beirut in 2002 is still a favorable basis for launching the middle east peace process .
commenting on the threats and pressures facing Lebanon and Syria , Lahoud said that the purpose of threatening and putting pressure on Lebanon and Syria is to urge them to change the principles of their nation and state .
those principles reflected the common aspirations of the Lebanese and Syrian peoples in liberating the occupied territories , guaranteeing the right of return of the Palestinian people , establishing an independent Palestinian State and opposing the local integration of Palestinian refugees .
he condemned the Israeli Sharon government for obstructing and undermining peace efforts and refusing to implement relevant United Nations resolutions .
at the meeting , Otto stressed that eu countries are determined to work together with arab countries to implement relevant un resolutions and restore peace in the middle east region .
Ott arrived in Beirut on the evening of 11 july to begin his visit to Lebanon after concluding his visit to Syria .
( international ) Syria Demands Israel to Take Peace Seriously
Xinhua news agency , united nations , january 12 , Syria 's permanent representative to the united nations Faisal al al - maqdad said on the 12th that although Israeli president Katsav invited Syrian president Bashar to go to jerusalem for peace talks , Israel must first seriously consider the issue of achieving peace and return the occupied golan heights to Syria .
Mekdad said that Israeli president Katsav 's invitation will have little influence unless Israel earnestly respects the un security council resolution calling on Israel to withdraw its troops from the golan heights .
he stressed that only when Israel does so will there be peace , and Syria will not sacrifice its territory no matter what .
Mekdad pointed out that the role of the Israeli president is mainly ceremonial and that Israel is really in charge of the cabinet headed by prime minister Sharon .
he said : " we will not negotiate with the Israeli president . it is a matter of negotiating with the Israeli government . "
earlier , Israeli president Katsav suddenly announced on public radio that he would invite Syrian president Bashar to go to jerusalem to hold talks with Israeli leaders .
with regard to this , Syria believes that this is just news hype .
recently , Syria intensified its diplomatic offensive against Israel in the hope of resuming peace talks between the two countries .
however , Sharon said that the two countries can resume peace talks only if Syria shows its willingness to put an end to terrorism .
( international ) ROK president says progress in ROK - DPRK relations
Xinhua news agency , Seoul , january 14 ( reporter Zhang li ) south Korean president Roh Moo - hyun said on the 14th that despite the influence of the nuclear issue , south - north Korean relations have progressed quietly but earnestly in the past year . this year , south korea will continue to develop north - south relations with practical contents on the basis of a solid security guarantee .
on the same day , Roh Moo - hyun held a new year 's news conference entitled " change , stability , and hope " at the presidential palace in Qingwadai . he said : all national development strategies and plans of the ROK are based on peace on the Korean peninsula . establishing stable ROK - DPRK relations is the key to the ROK 's national development strategy .
despite the impact of the nuclear issue , the south - north talks were held 38 times in 2003 , and the number of days of north - south dialogue reached 106 . this shows that ROK - DPRK relations have made quiet but real progress in the past year .
this year , the ROK will also continue to develop practical north - south relations on the basis of solid security guarantees , and the tone of peacefully resolving the DPRK nuclear issue will continue .
if the DPRK nuclear issue is resolved , ROK - DPRK relations will have another turning point opportunity to take off .
at the same time , Roh Moo - hyun said that the ROK government will focus on developing the economy , creating jobs , stabilizing the financial and real estate markets , promoting harmonious labor relations , and enhancing national and industrial competitiveness in the new year .
( foreign Affairs ) Wen Jiabao Meets Mongolian Prime Minister Enkhbayar
Xinhua news agency , beijing , january 14 ( reporter liu dongkai ) - premier Wen Jiabao of the state council met with Mongolian prime minister Enkhbayar at ziguangge in Zhongnanhai on the 14th .
Wen Jiabao said : China and mongolia have decided to establish a good - neighborly partnership of mutual trust , which is of far - reaching significance to the development of bilateral relations in the new century .
Mongolia is an important neighbor of china .
the new central leadership collective of china will adhere to the foreign policy of treating neighboring countries as good neighbors and as partners , pursue the policy of maintaining good neighborliness , peace , and prosperity in neighboring countries , further enhance trust with mongolia , deepen cooperation , seek common development , and forever be a good friend , good neighbor , and good partner of mongolia .
Wen Jiabao stressed : China attaches great importance to sino - Mongolian mutually beneficial economic and trade cooperation , hopes that mongolia will develop as soon as possible , and is willing to carry out long - term and stable cooperation with mongolia in resource development and infrastructure construction .
Enkhbayar said he was happy to get to know premier Wen .
he said : since president hu Jintao 's visit to mongolia last year , the partnership of good - neighborliness and mutual trust between the two countries has continuously developed , and new achievements have been made in economic cooperation between the two countries . the Mongolian side is satisfied with this .
Enkhbayar said that mongolia has always attached great importance to its relations with china in its foreign exchanges .
the Mongolian side thanked china for its assistance to mongolia over the years .
the Mongolian government firmly supports china 's stance on the Taiwan issue .
Mongolia very much welcomes chinese enterprises to actively participate in mongolia 's infrastructure construction and resource development .
Wang yi , vice foreign minister , Erdenechuluun , Mongolian foreign minister , and others were present at the meeting .
( international ) Brazil Continue to Fingerprint and Photo Archive American Visitors
Xinhua news agency , rio de Janeiro , january 13 , brazil 's second largest city , rio de Janeiro , continued to fingerprint and archive incoming Americans at airports and ports on the 13th .
in order to mitigate the impact of the move on the tourism industry , the rio de Janeiro tourist office gave small gifts to the incoming Americans to make them feel at home .
the small gifts include a bouquet of bright roses and a t - shirt with the words " love you in Rio de Janeiro " written on it .
the tourism board hopes to ease the burden of waiting in long queues for fingerprints and photos by handing out small gifts to inbound Americans .
Deputy director - general of the tourism bureau Nile Flex said : " this is a subtle welcome and shows how important us tourists are to us . "
he disclosed that about 320 Americans have canceled their travel plans to brazil due to the measures taken by brazil to take fingerprints and photograph and archive Americans .
last year , the us government decided to start taking pictures and fingerprints of foreigners entering the united states , including Brazilian citizens , starting january 5 this year .
in protest against the us move , the Brazilian government has also taken the same measures against Americans entering the country since january 1 .
the us government has repeatedly expressed dissatisfaction with brazil 's practice .
US secretary of state Colin Powell personally called Brazilian foreign minister Amorim this week to demand that brazil abolish this discriminatory measure against Americans .
Amorim asked the united states to take reciprocal action .
( international ) Norway Resumes Peace Good Offices in Sri Lanka
Xinhua news agency , Colombo , january 14 , in order to resume the peace mediation activities suspended due to the political crisis in Sri lanka , Norwegian ambassador to Sri lanka Hans-Tsenblatska went to a town in northern Sri lanka under the control of the liberation tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) on the 14th to discuss peace process issues with the rebel political leader .
Sri Lankan cabinet spokesman Peres told reporters that Bratska will hold talks with Tamil Cherwan , the LTTE 's political leader , later in the day .
at the same time , Norwegian special envoy Solheim will also meet with the LTTE chief negotiator Barasimum in london .
this is the first time in the past two months that the Norwegian special envoy has met with representatives of the LTTE .
on 4 november last year , Sri Lankan president Mrs. Kumaratunga abruptly dismissed defense minister Marabona , interior minister Amaratunga , and information minister Makar , accusing them of making too many concessions in the talks with the LTTE .
Norwegian officials announced 10 days later that they were suspending their peace mediation activities in Sri Lanka in view of the political crisis there .
( archaeological discovery ) 31 Qin tombs found in fengxiang county , Shaanxi province
Xinhua news agency report of january 15th from xi'an ( by staff reporter tiema ) - - in the past , historians in fengxiang county , baoji city , Shaanxi province have always believed that the palace district of sun jiatou village was the place where the Qin people moved to Yongcheng , the capital of Shaanxi province , before it became the place for the royal family to carry out major sacrificial activities . however , the Shaanxi provincial archaeological institute accidentally discovered 31 Qin tombs in this palace district a few days ago . it is hoped that this view will be changed .
in order to cooperate with a company in baoji city in building a factory at the site , the Shaanxi provincial archaeological institute conducted archaeological exploration of the site , discovering a total of 31 Qin tombs from the western zhou to the spring and autumn periods in an area of 20,000 square meters urgently needed .
the yongcheng archaeological team in Shaanxi province cleared and excavated these ancient tombs and unearthed more than 40 cultural relics , including bronze ware and pottery .
one of the tombs consists of two coffins and a tomb next to the tomb is a burial pit for two horses .
the tomb unearthed 15 pieces of bronze ware and pottery , including tripods , pots , axes , and so on .
the bronze tripod was well made and beautifully decorated , maintaining the style of bronze ware casting in the western zhou dynasty .
from the objects buried with him , it can be inferred that the owner of this tomb was an aristocrat of the late Western Zhou Dynasty .
experts speculate that there should be a large number of ancient tombs nearby .
this unexpected discovery is of great historical value in studying the relocation of the capital of the Qin dynasty and the layout of the city of Yongcheng during the Qin and han dynasties .
Tian yaqi , associate researcher of the Shaanxi provincial archaeological institute and head of the Yongcheng archaeological team , said : in the past , historians have always believed that the palace area of sunjiatou village was the place where the Qin people moved to Yongcheng , the capital of the city , before it became a place for the royal family to carry out major sacrificial activities during the Qin and western han dynasties .
this discovery shows that this place was a feudal city of the western zhou dynasty long before the relocation of the capital , Yongcheng , and had experienced several flourishing periods .
( international ) Kuwait and Jordan oppose undermining Iraq &apos;s security and stability
Xinhua news agency , kuwait , january 14 ( reporter an Jiang ) - kuwait and Jordan stressed in kuwait on the 14th that they oppose undermining iraq 's security , stability , and territorial integrity and abide by the principle of non-interference in iraq 's internal affairs .
on the same day , Kuwaiti foreign minister Sabah and visiting Jordanian foreign minister al - mahsher co - chaired the first meeting of the kosovo - Jordan joint committee .
at a joint news conference held at the end of the meeting , the two sides called for strengthening the role of the united nations in iraq , implementing the agreement reached between the Iraqi interim governing council and the us - british coalition forces , and transferring power to the Iraqi people within the prescribed time .
the two sides also called on the us - british coalition forces to fulfill their obligations in accordance with the relevant un security council resolutions and the norms of international law , and stressed the importance of iraq cooperating with neighboring countries to jointly prevent smuggling and cross - border activities .
the two sides jointly condemned the massacres perpetrated by the former Iraqi regime against Iraqis and Kuwaiti prisoners of war arrested in other countries as a flagrant violation of human rights and Islamic teachings .
the parties welcome the decision of the Interim Governing Council of Iraq to establish special courts to try murderers .
China commends outstanding contributions to manned space project
Xinhua news agency , beijing , january 15 ( reporter xi Qixin ) - the ministry of personnel , the commission of science , technology and industry for national defense , and the general armament department of the people 's liberation army recently made a decision to commend advanced collectives and individuals who have made outstanding contributions to china 's manned spaceflight project .
forty units , including the general office of the china manned space engineering office , have been awarded the title of conspicuous contributions to china 's manned space engineering , and 400 individuals , including Chen bingzhong , deputy chief designer of china 's manned space engineering , have been awarded the title of conspicuous contributors to china 's manned space engineering .
since china implemented the manned space flight project in 1992 , scientific and technological workers and officers and men of the armed forces who participated in the development , construction , and testing of the project have diligently explored , dared to surpass , mastered a series of core technologies with independent intellectual property rights , blazed a high starting point , high quality , high speed , high efficiency , and low cost path for the development of manned space flight with chinese characteristics , and a large number of advanced collectives and individuals have emerged .
it was the outstanding representatives among them who were commended this time .
the ministry of personnel , the commission of science , technology and industry for national defense , and the general armament department called on all units and individuals participating in the research , development , construction , and testing missions of china 's manned spaceflight project to emulate the collective contributions and outstanding contributors to china 's manned spaceflight project and work hard to promote the development of china 's manned spaceflight undertakings .
China takes measures to prevent tajikistan from entering the country with foot-and-mouth disease
Xinhua news agency , beijing , january 15 ( reporter du yu ) - the ministry of agriculture and the state general administration of quality supervision , inspection and quarantine recently issued a joint announcement banning the direct or indirect import of cloven - hoofed animals and their products from tajikistan , and returning or destroying all imported cloven - hoofed animals to china 's ports .
according to the world organization for animal health , three cases of foot-and-mouth disease type a have occurred in tajikistan recently .
in order to protect the safety of china 's animal husbandry , the ministry of agriculture and the state administration of quality supervision , inspection and quarantine also issued a circular banning the import of cloven - hoofed animals and their products from tajikistan by mail or by passengers .
if found , they will be returned or destroyed .
all ships , planes , trains , and other means of transport passing through china or stopping in china shall be sealed and disposed of if they find any birds or their products coming from the ROK , and all their waste and garbage shall be treated harmlessly under the supervision of the entry - exit inspection and quarantine organ , and shall not be discarded without authorization .
the circular demands that all smuggled cloven - hoofed animals and their products from tajikistan intercepted by customs and border defense departments be destroyed under the supervision of entry - exit inspection and quarantine organs .
( international ) airbus exceeds Boeing for the first time last year
Xinhua news agency report of january 15th from Paris ( by staff reporter Xu zhenqiang ) - the european airbus company said in a communique on the 15th that it had delivered 305 aircraft in 2003 , exceeding its original forecast of 300 , leading its competitor Boeing in the world for the first time .
Airbus delivered slightly more planes last year than 303 planes in 2002 .
the company predicts that the market will remain sluggish this year , so its aircraft volume is close to 300 pcs .
Boeing announced earlier this month that it had delivered 281 aircraft last year and is expected to deliver between 275 and 290 aircraft this year .
in 2003 , airbus 's global share of aircraft deliveries jumped to 52% , compared with 38% in 2001 and 44% in 2002 .
last year , airbus received 284 orders from customers , totaling 32.8 billion us dollars . excluding 30 cancelled orders , the actual number of orders reached 254 , accounting for 52 percent of the world 's total .
senior executives of european aerospace corporation , which owns 80% of airbus , said they do not expect the civil aircraft market to recover very quickly , but they hope airbus will maintain its current aircraft delivery level until 2005 .
( international ) Zhejiang Opera and Dance Theatre of China Ends Chinese New Year Sentence Performance to Overseas Chinese and Chinese in Portugal
Xinhua news agency report of january 15th from Porto ( by staff reporter Zhao Xiaozhong ) - china 's Zhejiang province song and dance troupe ended its spring festival show of sympathy to overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in Portugal on the 15th and left the northern Portuguese city of Porto for spain .
China 's Zhejiang provincial opera and dance theater held two spring festival concerts in lisbon , the capital of Portugal , and Porto , the second largest city on the evening of 13 and 14 respectively for overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in Portugal . the performers ' splendid songs , dances , musical instruments , and magic performances were warmly welcomed and cheered incessantly .
most of the overseas chinese and ethnic chinese living in Portugal are from Zhejiang . they are extremely happy to see the performances of their relatives from their hometown on the eve of the spring festival . some chinese families have come to watch the performances together for several generations , one after another praising the artists ' performances for bringing the family love of their hometown and the care of the motherland .
the Zhejiang opera and dance theater is here to celebrate the spring festival with overseas chinese at the invitation of some major portuguese chinese organizations . their performances have pushed the atmosphere of celebrating the spring festival of the monkey year among overseas chinese in Portugal to a climax .
some overseas chinese said that the motherland is a strong backing for the overseas development of overseas chinese . the vast numbers of overseas chinese will further strengthen economic , trade , and cultural exchanges with the motherland and make greater contributions to the early realization of the motherland 's prosperity and peaceful reunification .
( international ) Starbucks marches to Paris , the capital of cafes
Xinhua news agency , Paris , january 15 , Starbucks , an american coffee chain , opened its first store on the 15th in the french capital of Paris , which has been hailed as the capital of cafes in the world , and is determined to open at least 10 chain stores in france this year .
Starbucks CEO Schultz said at the opening ceremony of the new store in the opera section of the Paris coffee shop that he dared not teach the french how to drink coffee , nor did he have the slightest intention of competing with french cafes . Starbucks only wanted to introduce to the french its own understanding of the coffee culture .
the Paris opera house is a popular destination for foreign white - collar workers and tourists , so Starbucks has chosen this place as its first choice .
in addition , it will open two cafes in the monbanas region , where there is a concentration of cultural people in Paris , and in the la dephonse region , where multinational companies are concentrated .
American food culture has always been somewhat ostracized in France .
however , McDonald 's and Kentucky chicken were successful in france , and along with arab food , Japanese food , and chinese food , they became popular potable food .
Starbucks , headquartered in Seattle , has more than 7,000 chain stores in more than 30 countries .
from the outside , it feels more like a fast food restaurant like McDonald 's than a european coffee shop .
in france , it will use both paper and porcelain cups to serve customers .
Airbus to deliver more than 30 civilian aircraft to china this year
Xinhua news agency report of january 16th from beijing ( by staff reporter Zhang yi ) - new president of airbus china , bo long , announced in beijing on the 16th that airbus delivered 36 civilian planes to mainland china , Hong kong , and Macao in 2003 . it is expected that the number of planes delivered this year will be equal to or slightly higher than that of last year .
in 2003 , airbus delivered 305 aircraft , accounting for 52 percent of the world 's civilian aircraft market with more than 100 seats , and won 254 confirmed orders , accounting for 52 percent of the global market share .
according to Mr. Bolon , the global aviation market is still a difficult year in 2004 , but china 's development has surpassed that of other countries in the world .
China is a very important strategic market for airbus , and its market share in airbus 's global market will increase .
China introduced the first airbus plane in 1985 .
the number of airbus planes in active service in mainland china , Hong kong , and Macao has risen from 29 in early 1995 to more than 220 now , accounting for about 30% of china 's civil aircraft in active service .
an interprovincial robbery and homicide gang on trial in Anhui province
Xinhua news agency , Hefei , january 17 ( wu yongquan ) a few days ago , the Huangshan city intermediate people 's court in Anhui province officially opened a trial on the robbery and murder case of Zhang seawater gang . as a result , Zhang seawater criminal gang , which committed crimes in more than 10 cities ( counties ) across three provinces and supervised by the ministry of public security , was declared dead .
according to huangshan city police , there are seven backbone members of Zhang Haiyang and other criminal gangs , two of whom are mistresses of Zhang Haiyang and all of whom are Jiangxi nationals .
since 1993 , the gang has been on the run in more than 10 prefectures and cities in Anhui 's huangshan , anqing , Jiangxi 's Fuzhou , jingdezhen , Zhejiang , and other provinces . in the past 10 years , there have been seven murders in robbery alone , six innocent people have been killed , and two of them have been mutilated by Zhang seawater mistresses .
on 11 june 2002 , Zhang Haihai and others killed hu on duty and robbed 30,000 yuan worth of cigarettes at a tobacco store in tunxi district of huangshan city , and on 12 january 2003 , Zhang Haihai and others killed a refrigeration accessories store worker in the city and stole tens of thousands of yuan worth of enameled wire .
the two murders aroused the attention of the public security organs of huangshan city , and the ministry of public security listed the gang as supervising the handling of the cases .
on 18 january 2003 , huangshan city police arrested Zhang seawater , the main criminal suspect , and yu , his lover 's wife , in jingdezhen . subsequently , cao runxiang , Zhang guoxin , Chen wenwen , wu changlan , and other criminal suspects were also brought to justice one after another .
Zhang had been in prison for 23 years , and other criminal members were his relatives , fellow inmates , and lovers .
( international ) two black boxes of red sea crashed passenger plane found
Xinhua news agency , Cairo , january 17 , a joint Egyptian-french maritime search and rescue team recovered the first black box of the crashed passenger plane in the red sea on the 16 th and found the second black box of the crashed passenger plane in the bottom of the sea on the 17 th .
Sami hamdi , head of the Egyptian search and rescue team , said that the second black box recording the sound of the plane 's cockpit was being salvaged by the french diving robot Scorpio and was expected to be salvaged early on the 18th local time .
the two black boxes were found more than 1,000 meters underwater , about 30 meters apart .
the first black box , which will be decrypted and analyzed by a laboratory of egypt 's ministry of civil aviation , records all kinds of technical data prior to the plane crash , said Shakhr Zinjarada , head of egypt 's accident investigation committee .
although the black box looked badly damaged , Gilarda said it was in good condition .
the two so - called black boxes on the plane were actually light yellow in appearance .
according to the design , they can continuously send signals for 30 days after falling 6,000 meters to enable rescuers to determine their position and carry out salvage operations .
the plane that crashed in Red Sea waters belonged to Egypt &apos;s private Frash Airlines .
the Boeing 737 crashed into the red sea shortly after taking off from the Egyptian tourist resort of Sharm el - Sheikh on the 3 rd of this month , killing 148 people , including 134 french , one Moroccan and 13 Egyptian crew members .
Egyptian and french experts believe that the plane crash was caused by a technical malfunction rather than a terrorist attack or explosion , and finding the two black boxes on board will help solve the mystery .
breakthrough in ultra-low temperature finger preservation and replantation technology in China
Xinhua news agency , Jinan , january 18 ( reporter su Wanming ) - the severed finger successfully preserved in liquid nitrogen at -196 degrees celsius was replanted alive after surgery .
Chinese scholars have announced a major breakthrough in ultra-low temperature preservation and replantation of severed fingers .
a few days ago , the department of hand and foot surgery of Shandong provincial hospital successfully reimplanted a severed finger ( which has been preserved for five days in ultra - low temperature liquid nitrogen at -196 degrees celsius ) . this is the second case since the hospital successfully reimplanted the severed finger ( which was preserved for 81 days in liquid nitrogen at -196 degrees celsius ) last year .
the consultation report of the medical and health science and technology project of the ministry of health confirmed that the replantation of severed fingers after ultra - low temperature preservation has so far succeeded in only two cases in the world .
Wang zengtao , director of the hand and foot surgery department of Shandong provincial hospital , announced : after a lot of animal experimental research and the clinical application of two cases , we have preliminarily mastered the technique of ultra - low temperature preservation of severed fingers .
Wang zengtao said : compared with the heart , kidneys , and other organs , the composition and structure of fingers are more complicated . they contain blood vessels , nerves , tendons , skin , bones , joints , ligaments , and other tissues and are a kind of composite tissue .
the technique of ultra-low temperature preservation and application of severed finger involves a series of complicated links , such as preparation of refrigeration solution , organ freezing procedure , rewarming , replantation and prevention and treatment of reperfusion injury .
the mastery of this technique provides an important reference for the long-term preservation and successful resurrection of other human organs .
( international ) Greek foreign minister urges Greece , turkey to reduce military spending simultaneously
Xinhua news agency , Athens , january 17 ( reporter Wen xinnian ) - Greek foreign minister and president of the ruling panhellenic socialist movement Papandreou called on Greece and turkey on the 17th to gradually reduce their military spending in proportion .
he said that if the pan - Greek social movement wins the Greek general election on march 7 , he will make this policy an important foreign policy objective of the government .
speaking at a mass rally ahead of his campaign in northeastern Greece , Papandreou said that relations between Greece and turkey have improved markedly in recent years and have entered an all - new historical period .
he said : although not all issues have been resolved , new conditions have been created and the path of negotiations has been established .
he believes that 2004 will be a decisive year for formulating peace and security policies in the region .
Greece and turkey are both NATO members . however , there are conflicts of interest and contradictions between the two sides on issues such as the delimitation of the Aegean sea territorial waters , airspace , island continental shelf , and Cyprus , and this has also affected the normalization of relations between the two countries .
in recent years , Greece has pursued a policy of improving relations with turkey and no longer obstructed turkey 's accession to the european union , thus greatly improving bilateral relations .
( international ) china , argentina sign economic and technological cooperation agreement
Xinhua news agency , Tirana , january 19 ( reporter wang hongqi and Chen feng ) - the agreement on economic and technological cooperation between the chinese government and the Albanian government was signed in Tirana on the 19th . Chinese ambassador to Albania tian Changchun and Albanian vice foreign minister haidaga signed the agreement on behalf of the two governments respectively .
according to the agreement , china will provide Albania with free assistance worth 15 million yuan for economic and technological cooperation projects agreed upon by the two governments or for the provision of general materials by the chinese side to Albania .
after the signing ceremony , Khaidaraga thanked the chinese government for providing free assistance and congratulated the chinese people on the spring festival .
he said : the signing of this agreement shows the friendship and close cooperation between argentina and china in various fields .
in the future , the friendly and cooperative relations established between the two countries on the basis of mutual trust will be further strengthened .
Tian Changchun said : China has provided free assistance to Albania to express the friendly feelings of the chinese government and people toward the Albanian government and people , and at the same time to embody the traditional friendship and cooperation between china and Albania .
( international ) us troops in iraq kill 3 non-Iraqi Arabs
Xinhua news agency report of january 19th from Baghdad ( by staff reporter li jizhi and nie xiaoyang ) - Iraqi police disclosed on the 19th that two Yemenis and a Syrian were killed in a weapons search operation conducted by us troops stationed in iraq in the southern suburbs of Baghdad on the same day .
police said the three men were found in a search for a terrorist stronghold , and when the other side refused to surrender , the us military opened fire and killed them .
the US military then searched the house and seized a number of rifles , grenades and explosives .
the us military also arrested a Yemeni woman at the scene .
US and Iraqi officials believe that some foreign religious extremists are crossing the porous border into iraq and collaborating with anti - us forces in iraq to launch terrorist attacks against coalition occupation authorities and pro - us Iraqis .
on the 18th , a suicide bomber detonated a powerful car bomb in front of the coalition headquarters in central Baghdad , killing 24 people and injuring more than 100 others . the majority of the victims were Iraqis .
( international ) Silicon Valley Unemployment Decline heralds Recovery of US High @-@ tech Industries
Xinhua news agency , los Angeles , january 19 ( reporter Yan Liang ) - an influential economic development research institute in the silicon valley region of the united states recently issued a report saying that the unemployment rate in silicon valley is falling rapidly .
this is a clear signal that high - tech industries in the region are beginning to recover .
in its annual report " silicon valley 2004 economic index , " the nonprofit silicon valley joint venture said that the unemployment rate in the silicon valley region dropped from 10% in the previous year to 5% in the second quarter of 2003 .
according to the report , the unemployment rate will continue to decline as high - tech industries gradually recover .
the current challenge for Silicon Valley &apos;s economic development is the need for a large number of highly trained and highly skilled workers to fill new jobs in the future .
the report said that among the various high - tech industries in silicon valley , the unemployment rate in the biotechnology industry is the lowest and the recovery momentum is most evident . in 2003 , the silicon valley biotechnology industry attracted the same amount of venture investment as the computer software industry for the first time .
the report believes that the biotechnology industry will play an increasingly important role in the economic development of the silicon valley region .
the report also showed that between the second quarter of 2002 and the second quarter of 2003 , the average salary of employees in the silicon valley region declined for the third consecutive year , but the decline rate dropped to 1.5% from 6% in the previous year .
Silicon valley is still a wealthy region in the united states . the average annual salary of the labor force in the region is $ 62,400 , 60% higher than the average in the united states as a whole .
however , the consumption level of this region is 47% higher than that of the whole country .
( Hong kong , Macao and Taiwan ) Tung Chee hwa , chief executive of the Hong kong special administrative region , delivers spring festival greetings
Xinhua news agency , Hong kong , january 21 ,
on the eve of the lunar new year , Tung Chee hwa , chief executive of the Hong kong special administrative region , and Betty Tung , wife of the Hong kong special administrative region , delivered congratulatory messages on television , radio , and the internet to wish the broad masses of Hong kong people every success in the new year .
Tung Chee - hwa said that this year 's spring festival was particularly meaningful and joyful for Hong kong people .
after many years of difficulties , Hong kong 's economy has experienced a V-shaped rebound , unemployment rate has fallen , deflation has eased , the housing market has stabilized , the closest economic partnership arrangement ( cepa ) with the mainland has come into effect , and with the influx of tourists and buoyant market spending , the mood is much better .
Mr Tung said : " what is even more gratifying is that our efforts over the past years have laid a good foundation for further promoting Hong kong 's economic restructuring and development . "
he expressed the hope that everyone would have a smooth new year .
Tung Chee - hwa said : Hong kong society has reached a consensus on a new direction , and we are facing new opportunities one after another .
the new year is the year of the monkey .
the monkeys are clever and full of vigor .
as long as the government and the broad masses of the people continue to work hard and with the strong support of the central government , Hong kong will surely be able to turn the world around .
( international ) arab league secretary - general urges the united states not to impose democracy in the middle east
Xinhua news agency , geneva , january 21 , secretary general of the league of arab states ( arab league ) Moussa urged the united states to discuss democracy with arab countries on the 21st and not to try to impose democracy on the middle east region .
in an interview with reporters during the annual meeting of the world economic forum in Davos , Switzerland , Musa said : if they ( Americans ) want to realize democracy in the middle east region , they had better keep their promises and first achieve democracy in iraq .
he said : the arab league is the best partner in discussing democratic reforms in the middle east region with the united states .
you can talk about any idea as long as you put forward your point of view and are willing to listen to ours .
we are not against democracy , but democracy is not an immediate act or an order .
Musa pointed out that the us government has not yet convinced people that the occupation of iraq will bring democracy to the country .
they said they went to iraq to show us a model of democracy .
but so far , we have not seen anything .
China 's tourism revenue is expected to reach 487.4 billion yuan in 2003
Xinhua news agency , beijing , january 22 ( reporter sun yubo ) china 's total international and domestic tourism revenue is expected to reach 487.4 billion yuan in 2003 , 12.4 percent lower than that of the previous year , but the results are better than expected .
statistics provided by the state tourism administration show that the total number of inbound tourists in 2003 was 91 million , including 11.3 million foreigners , 32.7 million overnight tourists , and 17.3 billion us dollars in foreign exchange income from tourism .
the number of domestic tourists was 870 million , and domestic tourism revenue was 344.2 billion yuan , down 0.9% and 11.2% respectively from the previous year .
a responsible official of the national tourism administration said : in 2004 , the tourism industry as a whole will strive for an all - round recovery of the inbound tourism market , continue to promote the prosperity and development of the domestic tourism market , and carry out in - depth the work of rectifying the order of the tourism market .
at the same time , we should do a good job of organizing the theme year of the people 's daily life tour , and concentrate on planning and launching a number of new tourism products that reflect the lives of the chinese people around the theme of the people 's daily life tour .
( international ) economic experts predict the united states to be the biggest winner of us dollar depreciation
Xinhua news agency , Davos , Switzerland , january 23 ( reporter li Jie and ding xigang ) - the 34th annual meeting of the world economic forum , which is being held in Davos , Switzerland , held a special discussion on the 23 rd on the issue of the trend of us dollar depreciation . some experts predict that the united states will be the biggest winner in the continued decline of the us dollar exchange rate .
most economists attending the meeting believed that us officials , including us treasury secretary John Zeno , appeared to have abandoned the strong us dollar policy pursued in recent years .
the weakening of the us dollar will provide the united states with more room for economic development and more employment opportunities , which is evident in the manufacturing industry .
at the same time , the depreciation of the us dollar has made us products more competitive in domestic and foreign markets , which has helped the united states to cover its trade deficit .
however , experts believe that a weak us dollar will also have a negative impact on the united states .
first , the us stock market is likely to continue to be depressed , the value of all kinds of investments will drop , and foreign investors will withdraw their funds out of fear of a further decline of the us dollar . second , more and more expensive imported commodities will eventually lead to a decline in the living standards of Americans . third , the sharp depreciation of the us dollar may also trigger trade and financial turbulence .
but the depreciation of the dollar hit europe , japan and canada harder .
following the decline of the us dollar exchange rate , the pressure on europe 's commodity exports has increased , putting the european economy at risk of being pushed into an all - out recession .
China to speed up development of electronic products in automobile , medical and other application fields
Xinhua news agency , beijing , january 26 ( reporter feng xiaofang ) - china will accelerate the development of automobile electronics , machine tool electronics , traffic electronics , medical electronics , and other applied electronic products to expand the development space of the electronic information industry and meet the needs of various industries .
a relevant responsible person of the ministry of information industry said : in the popularization and application of information technology , transforming and upgrading traditional enterprises is one of the focal points .
promoting the application of information technology in all trades and professions and increasing the market share of domestically produced products and equipment are not only the needs of transforming and upgrading traditional industries , but also bring rare development opportunities to the electronic information industry .
it has been learned that while expanding the development space of the electronic information industry and satisfying the needs of various industries , it is also necessary to support the establishment of a public technical service capability system , support strong hairdressing companies , and provide technical support and guarantee for the application of information technology in key industries by providing technical standards and testing environments .
at the same time , we should develop services such as technical services , management consulting , and system integration , support a number of service enterprises such as system integrators and application service providers , and promote the development of a new information service industry .
( international ) Japanese exports and imports hit record high in 2003
Xinhua news agency , Tokyo , january 26 ( reporter le shaoyan ) - according to statistics released by japan 's finance ministry on the 26th , japan 's import and export trade volume reached an all - time high in 2003 , with the trade surplus once again surpassing 10 trillion yen in three years .
on the export front , japan 's exports to the united states decreased by 9.8 percent last year over the previous year , but its exports to asia increased by 12.9 percent .
this not only made up for the decline in japan 's exports to the united states , but also increased japan 's total exports last year by 4.7 percent over the previous year , reaching a record high of 54.5589 trillion yen .
on the import front , japan 's total import volume in 2003 increased by 5 percent over the previous year to 44.3202 trillion yen , also setting a record high , due to the increase in energy demand , such as oil and natural gas , and the rise in prices .
in 2003 , japan 's trade surplus stood at 10.2387 trillion yen , up 3.6% over the previous year , and surpassed the 10 trillion yen mark three years later .
for the first time , the number of private enterprises in Guangdong has exceeded the number of state - owned enterprises and their holding enterprises .
Xinhua news agency report of january 26th from Guangzhou ( by staff reporter Chen Ji and hu Yanni ) - according to information from the Guangdong provincial administration of industry and commerce , the number of private enterprises in Guangdong exceeded the number of state - owned enterprises and their holding enterprises for the first time in 2003 , and domestic - funded enterprises were effectively adjusted .
according to statistics , by the end of 2003 , there were 690,000 enterprises of all types ( including domestic enterprises , private enterprises , and foreign - invested enterprises ) in the province , an increase of 0.59% over the end of last year .
of these , 316,000 were domestic - funded enterprises , down 16.4% from the end of last year , with registered capital of 119.027 billion yuan , an increase of 0.9% ; 323,000 were private enterprises , with registered capital of 45.228 billion yuan , an increase of 24.9% and 33.8% respectively ; and 52,000 were foreign - invested enterprises , with registered capital of 14.05 billion us dollars , an increase of 3.6% and 4.1% respectively .
for the first time , the number of private enterprises exceeded the number of state - owned enterprises and their holding enterprises .
in the course of structural adjustment , although the number of state - owned enterprises and their holding enterprises has decreased , their actual strength has gradually increased , with the average registered capital ( gold ) per household reaching 3.76 million yuan , an increase of 20 percentage points over the end of 2002 .
according to statistics , in 2003 , there were 105,000 newly registered enterprises of all types throughout the province , showing a drop of one to two liters .
of these , 17,000 were domestic - funded enterprises , down 17.6 percent from the same period last year , and 81,600 were private enterprises and 6,561 were foreign - invested enterprises , up 29% and 0.08% respectively .
the proportion of domestic enterprises , private enterprises , and foreign - invested enterprises in the total number of newly registered enterprises was 1678A . 6 .
( international ) wto has submitted temberd subsidy dispute to arbitration
Xinhua news agency report of january 26th from geneva ( by staff reporter li Jie ) - the world trade organization announced on the 26th that an appeal filed by the eu and seven other wto members for sanctions against the united states for imposing subsidies in temberd has been submitted to an arbitration body for adjudication .
the appeal for sanctions stemmed from the united states ' failure to repeal the Byrd amendment within the time limit set by the wto .
the " bird amendment " passed by the us congress in 2000 requires the us government to directly subsidize punitive duties levied in antidumping and countervailing cases to us companies whose interests have been harmed , rather than turn them over to the us treasury department .
the us move was opposed by major trading partners , including the european union and japan .
in january 2003 , the wto finally ruled that the amendment violated global trade rules and demanded that the united states abolish it by december 27 that year .
however , the united states has not implemented the wto ruling .
for this reason , the eu , japan , canada , brazil , india , the republic of korea , mexico , and chile recently applied to the wto for permission to levy additional tariffs equivalent to the amount of us government subsidies on some products from the united states .
however , the United States subsequently questioned the extent of the sanctions and the legality of the complaint .
( Hong kong , Macao , Taiwan ) Hong kong new year retail business up 10%
Xinhua news agency , Hong kong , january 28 - the Hong kong retail management association disclosed that during the lunar new year period , Hong kong 's retail sales were in an ideal condition , with the industry reporting an increase of 10 percent in average turnover and an increase of 20 to 30 percent in individual shopping malls .
Yu Peng - Chun , chairman of the Hong kong retail trade management association , said a few days ago that mainland tourists ' individual visits to Hong kong have brought along the consumption atmosphere in Hong kong . during the spring festival this year , the retail trade in Hong kong was doing well . some industries , such as jewelry and clothing , saw an increase of 20 to 30 percent . among them , mainland tourists ' consumption accounted for about 10 percent of the total turnover .
he said that the use of renminbi cards by mainland visitors in Hong kong has obviously stimulated the spring festival market , with an average of 3,000 yuan per check - in , and individual mainland visitors spending as much as 10,000 yuan .
Hong kong 's total retail sales fell by 4% last year as a result of the sars epidemic .
Mr yu predicted that with the economic recovery , Hong kong 's overall retail sales would grow by a single digit this year , but commodity prices would also be under upward pressure due to rising costs .
he expressed the belief that deflation in Hong kong would improve this year .
( international ) Denmark Laws New Act to Restrict Immigration
Xinhua news agency , Stockholm , january 28 , Copenhagen : the danish government submitted to parliament on the 28 th a new bill to restrict immigration .
according to the act , children of foreign immigrants born in Denmark will no longer have the right to automatically acquire Danish nationality .
the bill is the latest in a series of immigration restrictions introduced by danish liberal party leader Rasmussen since he became prime minister in november 2001 .
it is reported that the bill is likely to be passed by parliament because the liberal party has the support of the right - wing danish people 's party on immigration issues .
the Act requires the children of foreigners born in Denmark to apply for nationality on reaching adulthood in the same way as other immigrants , rather than automatically acquiring nationality .
migrants who have acquired nationality are deprived of it if they have committed a criminal offence that constitutes a serious danger to society .
in the past two years , the danish government has introduced a series of measures to restrict immigration , including restrictions on the issuance of long - term residence permits and restrictions on immigrants bringing their families into denmark .
the number of foreign asylum seekers in denmark dropped from 14,347 in 1993 to 3,500 in 2003 due to the unwelcome attitude of the danish government towards immigrants .
Denmark &apos;s traditional image as a country of freedom and human rights has also been tarnished .
Singapore &apos;s achievements cannot be taken for granted .
no matter how advanced science and technology are , i do not believe that people can maintain an ideal environment of higher living standards and quality , employment for all , and increasing wages without working hard , maintaining social discipline , and adapting to changes .
these beautiful things do not come naturally .
only when the whole people understand that they must put the interests of the group first , make difficult compromises , and make the necessary adjustments can they bring about a better future for everyone .
what will Singapore be like in a decade or two ?
we all want to see the future , but the future is hard to predict .
many factors are beyond Singapore &apos;s control .
many things depend on the development of the world situation .
we don &apos;t know when it &apos;s going to go wrong and a lot of times it &apos;s luck .
for example , it is unpredictable that three Singaporeans who travelled to Hong kong were infected with the sars virus .
in less than a month after the spring festival , three extraordinarily serious safety accidents have occurred in china , and dozens of people have died each time .
the high frequency of accidents and the heavy loss of life make people sigh .
in the previous few months , the well blowout accident of Chongqing natural gas pipeline , gas explosions in several coal mines , and frequent vicious traffic accidents had caused hundreds of deaths .
China is a country with a vast territory and a dense population , and the probability of disaster is higher than in other countries . it can easily cause the deaths of dozens or even hundreds of people . this is an objective reality that there is nothing we can do about it .
however , judging by common sense , china 's deaths are still too frequent .
among the many disasters , fire , coal mine explosions , firecracker factory explosions , and passenger traffic accidents are the main ones .
this shows at least two problems , one is that security measures in these areas are the weakest , and the other is that people have not learned the lessons from the tragedies of the past , resulting in the recurrence of similar accidents .
in the past , when Singapore 's economy was growing at a high speed , there were serious fire accidents . its painful memory is still deep to this day , but it has also rapidly raised Singapore 's awareness of safety precautions in public places .
China is also in an extraordinary period of rapid economic growth and social transformation .
although the number of accidents involving foreign domestic helpers working in Hong kong is not unusually high in proportion , the relatively safe working environment for domestic helpers is such that the frequency of such accidents is , after all , far from being commensurate with the nature of their work , which has a very low casualty rate .
according to the information provided , from january 1999 to june 2003 , 99 female domestic helpers of various nationalities died in accidents .
behind these figures are broken families that cannot wait for their daughters and mothers to return home , misfortunes that should be avoided , and the direction in which we must try our best to reduce the number of regrets to the lowest possible level .
according to a recent announcement issued by the Indonesian embassy , since 1999 , 96 Indonesian maids have lost their lives while working in Singapore , and some of them have fallen to their death while working in high - rise buildings .
the Indonesian government has voiced dissatisfaction from time to time and has repeatedly enacted new regulations to tighten control over the quality and safety of Indonesian domestic helpers , but the problem has not yet been resolved , and the bilateral relations between new Delhi and india are inevitably beset by the problem of female domestic helpers .
what makes people deeply perplexed is that the number of maids accidentally falling from buildings is unexpectedly higher than the number of casualties among guest workers at construction sites , which makes people think deeply and makes it even more necessary to delve deeper into the background and causes .
Chen kong - li , a well - known expert on the Taiwan issue in mainland china and abroad , recently published his new book " observing Taiwan . "
most of the articles in the book were written after the first change of political parties in Taiwan in march 2000 . up until Chen shui - Bian put forward the theory of " one country on one side of the Taiwan strait , " it was the author 's observation and consideration of Taiwan 's internal situation and cross - strait relations during his stay in Taiwan to listen to his words and watch his deeds .
the article written two years ago was only published two years later . this shows that the mainland has a complicated link in examining the essays and theories on Taiwan - related studies , and the process is a long one . moreover , it shows that " observing Taiwan " did not come easily .
for a long time , in observing and studying the Taiwan issue , Chen Kongli has always been truthful , pragmatic , and seeking truth from facts . he has not been restricted by any subjective predefined political framework . he has also endeavoured to explore the profound insights of those who stand out from the crowd .
after reading this book , this characteristic is even more impressive .
since the early 1980 s , the study of the Taiwan issue has become a mainlander , various research institutions have emerged one after another , and various kinds of scholars and experts have also come to the fore .
overseas , people generally divide Taiwan research institutions in the mainland into northern and southern factions .
the northern faction 's stance is relatively close to the official position and its remarks are relatively hard - line . in certain specific historical stages or in the course of major political developments , the northern faction has shown a more aggressive hawkish tone .
the southernmost Taiwan research institutes are located in areas south of the Yangtze river , including Shanghai and Fujian .
Japan 's prime minister Junichiro Koizumi , who studied in london for two years , was exposed by the Japanese media as exaggerating his academic qualifications .
Japan 's " post weekly " confirmed to the london university 's office of academic affairs that during his nine months in britain , Koizumi attended only a few guest courses at the university and did not receive any degree .
the scandal has been reported or reproduced by china 's media , both large and small , to the great satisfaction of the broad masses of compatriots .
indeed , the prime minister of a prestigious country has gone so far as to fabricate false academic qualifications to deceive his own people .
in particular , it was shameful for japan to take place in the guinea imperialism .
however , if we can change our perspective , we may also see some positive significance from this scandal .
moreover , these positive things are exactly what we lack and what we urgently need to improve .
in recent years , we have always advocated being honest and honest , building a sunny government , respecting the public 's right to know , and enhancing the transparency of administrative units . however , the reality is still far from ideal .
think about it , the diploma of a country 's prime minister is not that big a deal , but it can be exposed by the media and vigorously pursued .
in a country like this , what else can not stand in the sunshine ?
at Taiwan 's election campaign gala , all major camps will use tour buses to escort the masses to the venue . however , the recent situation is that Chen shui - Bian 's gala is much more deserted than that of lien Chan and Soong .
not long ago , Taiwan president Chen shui - Bian [ Chen Shuibian ] went to a rally somewhere in the north to shout " frozen garlic " and when he was elected , half of the people in Taiwan actually refused to give face to him and shouted " the local people have many relatives and friends who have invested in the mainland . the delay of the three direct links and the lack of achievements in financial and economic policies have all made many people feel uneasy .
if there are no surprises , when Taiwan 's presidential election enters the countdown time , judging from the public opinion poll to the underground intersection , it should be assumed that Chen shui - Bian and lu will be defeated .
unless there is an even stronger plot , such as a major splittist or even more embarrassing scandal in the pan - blue camp , Chen shui - Bian , who has finally won the throne under lee Teng - hui 's creation , has proven that he cannot effectively win the hearts and minds of the people in the past four years . instead , he has allowed the green camp 's various black - gold and low - taste roles and performances to constantly make a fool of himself in front of the people and weakened the confidence of his supporters .
what should beijing think of the pan - blue forces that may return to power ?
first of all , it should be understood that the pan - blue army , which may return to power , is no longer an exclusive party of the Kuomintang , but a combination of blue oranges , as well as a question of whether internal traditions are in harmony with the natives .
today 's close cooperation during the election period cannot be regarded as an inevitable relationship in the future .
if there is any hope of winning the election , it is bound to take quite some time for internal integration . the upcoming legislative yuan election at the end of the year will also make it very difficult for the lien Chan and Soong regimes to make too major a change in cross - strait relations .
unless it can realize that the improvement of cross - strait relations can add points to Taiwan 's internal politics and is sure to produce results in a short period of time , the most important thing is to let the people feel this result .
based on this background , beijing should temporarily postpone its moves to promote reunification and give lien Chan and Soong , the traditional blue camp leaders , time to consolidate the internal situation .
more than half a century has passed since the united states conducted its first nuclear explosion in new mexico in july 1945 and dropped two atomic bombs on japan in august of the same year .
although the arms race between the two superpowers , the united states and the soviet union , caused nuclear weapons to accumulate to the point of destroying the whole world , fortunately both sides realized the danger of nuclear war and avoided pushing the nuclear button .
after the disintegration of the soviet union and the entry of the world into the post - cold war era , the danger of a large - scale nuclear war was basically eliminated .
at the same time , however , the risk of nuclear proliferation has increased rather than decreased .
this proliferation phenomenon is manifested in two aspects .
first , certain countries at or above the middle level with considerable resources and strength are striving to manufacture and possess nuclear weapons by various means for the purpose of seeking hegemony in the region , confronting neighboring countries , safeguarding security , or pursuing blackmail diplomacy .
another is that some non - state mass organizations , especially islamic extremist forces with strong hatred of the western world , are also doing everything possible to seek small nuclear weapons , not hesitating to harm a large number of innocent people and engaging in bloody terrorist activities against the west .
in light of this demand , intermediaries engaged in the transfer and trade of nuclear weapons and related technologies and the nuclear black market have emerged as the times require . moreover , their scale is increasing day by day , and they have become an important component of nuclear proliferation in the world at present .
as a descendant of the chinese people who grew up in the hangjiahu area , the images of the rural areas in the south of the Yangtze river and the peasants ' lives in the old days are still in my memory .
after many years ' absence , he returned to his hometown and found that the green farmland along the Shanghai - Hangzhou expressway was dotted with three - storey buildings built by peasants themselves , but few people were seen working in the fields .
I am not surprised at this . it is hard to believe that such a great change will happen to our people who are still deeply attached to other countries .
recently , however , i was greatly surprised and shocked to see on the internet some reports on the situation in china 's rural areas , literature and scholars ' on - the - spot investigation reports .
unexpectedly , such an unimaginable dark side still exists in china 's rural areas , and chinese peasants are still living such a humiliating , powerless , and difficult life .
Chen guidi and his wife published a long report entitled " china 's rural investigation " after conducting on - the - spot interviews in the rural areas of Anhui , Henan , and Hebei provinces . they asked for the orders of the peasants and caused a shock in chinese society .
from the large number of facts that the peasants were oppressed and even killed by corrupt officials , they came to the following conclusion : as they approached the chinese peasants , we felt unprecedented shock and secret pain , and we saw poverty , unimaginable evil , unimaginable helplessness , unimaginable struggle , unimaginable silence , and unimaginable sorrow .
this is truly a heartbreaking remark .
not surprisingly , Malaysian prime minister Abdullah announced the dissolution of parliament the day before yesterday , and a new general election will be held in the near future .
for Abdullah , this election will be an event of great significance in his political career , and the result of this election is also of symbolic significance to malaysia 's political situation and its development trend .
Abdullah took over the leadership from Mahathir al - Mahathir in november last year and has only been in power for four months now .
nevertheless , he decided to dissolve the parliament and hold an early general election .
this means at least two things : first , Abdullah is satisfied with his performance in the past four months and is full of confidence in the voters ' intention to vote , and second , he hopes to consolidate his power base in this way so that he can extricate himself from the shadow of Mahathir .
there is no doubt that Abdullah 's decision to hold the blitzkrieg reflects his comprehensive assessment of the domestic political situation .
Malaysia 's current economic situation is doing well , and there are no issues that can be hyped up and exploited by the opposition parties .
moreover , since Adula took office , he has taken a number of highly visible measures in the fight against corruption , including arresting and prosecuting former minister of land and cooperative development Kasida Kaddan on charges of corruption . all these measures have received a certain degree of praise and have made the public optimistic about future anti - corruption actions .
at the same time , he called for enhancing the efficiency of civil service , which was also an encouraging move .
since its birth , the growth and stereotyping of the eu has been strongly influenced by french politics and culture .
in seeking independence and independence in foreign affairs , the attitude and way of handling world affairs should be different from that of the united states . this is the direction of the eu 's foreign policy , and we can clearly see the shadow of france from it .
it is precisely for this reason that the international community , including china , russia , and arab countries , hopes to see the rise of the eu and to see a completely independent force in international exchanges .
it must be admitted that since the late 1980 s , the eu has indeed made diplomatic efforts in this direction .
at the Maastricht summit in december 1992 , eu heads of state unanimously agreed that all member states would implement a unified foreign policy in order to speak to the outside world with the same tone .
however , two years later , when dealing with the Bosnian issue , the so - called unified foreign policy was completely defeated for the first time .
from the Maastricht summit to today , the 10 - year - long eu diplomacy can be said to be unsatisfactory .
in particular , the eu 's foreign policy can not stand the test of major events at all .
the different positions adopted by the member states on the us - iraq war have not only proved this point , but have also fully exposed the fatal flaw of the eu in politics , that is , it is very easy for the eu to be divided and ruled by other big countries and broken down by each other .
on 24 february , president bush announced in the white house that he would support the constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage .
this is a marked change in his ambiguous attitude on this issue over the past few months and represents an important political development in the us election year .
this constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage is a very powerful political weapon in the republican party 's new stronghold in the southern united states , but it also has a very negative effect . that is , in the united states as a whole , it is a major cultural dispute dividing public opinion , which will undoubtedly aggravate the polarization of us politics and further alienate the east and west sides of the strait dominated by liberals .
as for bush himself , who repeatedly declared himself to be a rallying cry instead of a rallying cry in the 2000 election , his words and deeds clearly do not coincide .
in addition , the stand of the younger generation of the united states on the gay issue is becoming more and more open . although bush 's move has produced short - term results , it will harm the republican party 's long - term interests .
Bush 's new constitutional amendment offensive can be described as a tangled - earth strategy for this year 's presidential election .
Bush adopted this tactic because he was increasingly in a weak position on two important topics , namely , the war against terrorism and the economy - employment , and had to open up a new battlefield on religious and cultural issues that split public opinion at home .
the attitude of the United States to date has remained cautious .
in other words , since maintaining the status quo in the Taiwan strait can satisfy the long - term goal of the united states of strategically balancing the mainland , the united states should avoid political and military conflicts with china because it encourages Taiwan independence .
it is conceivable that the united states will not completely eliminate the space for Taiwan to hold a referendum in accordance with beijing 's requirements , but out of consideration for its own interests , it will also take some early warning actions .
recently , us secretary of state Colin Powell took the initiative to reaffirm the established Taiwan policy and to express the united states ' stand against Taiwan independence .
this stance has been interpreted by the outside world as aimed at curbing and preventing Chen shui - Bian from going astray .
the recent statements made by some us think tanks with official backgrounds and the fact that the united states will send a large number of spy ships to the Taiwan strait in the near future to detect cross - strait military developments indirectly prove that the united states is very concerned about the situation in the Taiwan strait .
from another angle , it shows that although the united states will not completely prevent Taiwan from holding a referendum as required by beijing , it is also worried about the uncertainty of the situation in the Taiwan strait during this period .
any large - scale one - on - one election can only produce one kind of result in the end , either Chen shui - Bian will be reelected by fluke or lien Chan will re - enter Taiwan 's presidential palace .
what worries people is that under the condition of asymmetrical dissemination of information , people from all walks of life in mainland society seem not to be psychologically prepared for the possibility that Chen shui - Bian may still win .
if the election results are not as desired , it will put beijing in an unnecessary passive position again .
an old Arab proverb says , &quot; A day of chaos is worse than a thousand years of tyranny . &quot;
is this what northeast Asian countries are currently worried about ?
I think the answer is probably yes .
in a recent study , a well - known research and development center near washington and funded by the us government explored four policy options for dealing with the DPRK nuclear crisis , namely , exchanges , containment , economic sanctions , and preemptive attacks .
the attitude of regional countries towards these strategies was the focus of the survey .
in addition , the investigation also analyzed the threat posed by the DPRK 's nuclear weapons program on the basis of the possibility of a nuclear weapons attack by the people of the DPRK 's neighboring countries and the damage they could cause , as well as their fear .
China and russia believe that the danger of north korea using nuclear weapons is low or very low , while the Japanese and south Korean people believe that the threat is quite great .
all Northeast Asian countries are in favour of maintaining contacts with the DPRK .
Japan supports containment , and other countries also believe that containment strategies are acceptable under certain circumstances .
Singapore is very concerned about the international rankings and has been paying close attention to the rankings of various countries published by european and us institutions throughout the year .
being often at the top of the table naturally increases our interest in taking note of the rankings .
but there &apos;s a lot of trouble with being first in everything .
people in general feel that they are afraid of losing if they pay too much attention to rankings , while it is proud to highlight their rankings .
so people say that we should live a more handsome life , and that it is best to be free from the world .
since many people in the past looked down upon the rankings with disdain , a strange phenomenon has emerged : people no longer seem to regard the world 's number one ranger as good news , but rather tend to regard it as an embarrassment .
however , in the past year or two , the situation has changed again .
we are doubtful about the country 's long - term competitiveness , and people in all walks of life are also worried about their own jobs .
with such misgivings , we are no longer speaking in such a smart way .
international competition is fierce , and excessive chic may lead others to catch up head on , and everything will easily become backward in the first place .
on the face of it , bush is quite loyal to Cheney . at the republican governor 's convention at the end of last month , bush vowed solemnly that Cheney is the only candidate for vice president .
however , he also half joked that , as in 2000 , he had appointed Cheney to find a vice presidential candidate for him .
Cheney , who has always kept a low profile and kept a low profile , also made frequent appearances for media interviews recently , denying that he would be replaced .
but he saved himself a step down .
he said that if he had health problems or felt that he had really become a burden to the president , he would resign from difficulties .
Cheney , 63 , has had four heart attacks .
it has been widely rumored recently that the US military has in fact besieged the Osama Regiment of the September 11 Mafia , waiting for the time to come to catch a fish in a barrel .
the presidential election was held on 2 november , and it is said that the pentagon has arranged to stage a good show to capture Osama alive in october .
however , there are many dreams at night , and in case Osama becomes a fish out of the net , there will be endless troubles .
it seems that Giuliani has not lost his trump card in bush 's bid for votes .
opponents of the us presidential election in 2004 have already decided that democratic candidate Kerry will challenge incumbent republican president bush .
before the november general election , they began such warm - up activities as advertising and election debates .
they will probably engage in verbal and verbal confrontations around the three major topics of war , economy , and society .
Bush believes that the war has a close relationship with us national security , and that sending troops to defeat Saddam Hussein and fight terrorism is to ensure us security , so he keeps telling his countrymen : " we are in the middle of a war . "
Kerry will naturally point out that bush misused the erroneous intelligence that iraq possesses weapons of mass destruction to launch the war against iraq .
speaking of the economy , Kerry believes that bush 's tax cut plan will benefit the rich and will not create new jobs .
Bush asked Kerry to see : are n't the current us economic data going up ?
on social issues , take relations between men and women , bush opposes gay marriage , abortion , and the death penalty , and Kerry opposes gay marriage , but opposes abortion and the death penalty .
how bush and Kerry present and persuade voters with their respective views on these three major issues through advertisements , television , and speeches is the political show they will be performing in the next eight months .
however , on diplomatic topics , Kerry has more room to show off his acting skills .
according to the data , the majority of young people who choose to commit suicide are young people aged 15 to 19 , but there is no shortage of young people aged 10 to 14 .
while academic stress is generally considered to be the leading cause of suicide among children and adolescents , the study found that emotional problems , in particular the problem of love between men and women and the problem of getting along with parents , are the main causes of suicide among young people in Hong kong .
the gap between schoolwork pressure and expectations certainly belongs to the area of communication between parents and children .
the pressure to go to school is an unavoidable burden on the growth of local students , sometimes of their own accord and in many cases imposed by their parents .
parents demand that their children do well in school , compare them with other children at every turn , and urge their children to strive to reach the upper reaches . of course , there is not a small amount of pressure , but the channel of guidance and communication behind the pressure is the thermometer that measures the relationship between parents and children .
if the child 's performance is not up to par , the parents will beat and scold him or give him a silent reprimand , or even let him feel that he is disappointing , and no doubt push him to a hopeless position for help .
it has been learned that many young students in need of counseling have been driven into a corner by their parents ' high expectations and become mentally troubled .
Singapore 's success and rapid development have made parents feel that their children 's material conditions are much better than their own in the past , and it is inevitable that their children should perform better than themselves .
generally speaking , parents forget that when they were children , in fact , their performance in various fields may not be particularly outstanding .
by the age of one and a half , the vast majority of children are sent to day-care centers in various government agencies under the system of full child care . the authorities only charge a nominal child care fee , and the children only return home one day a week or even a month .
today , Singapore faces the social problems of declining fertility and an ageing population .
in order to maintain a modern standard of living and fashionable material enjoyment , the younger generation has no energy to respond to the government 's call for early marriage and childbearing .
the author has a bold suggestion : the government should come forward and accept the newborn children .
our countrymen only manage their students and do not have to worry about the issue of parenting .
on the one hand , the government has set up a full - time nursery school , converted primary schools to full - time schools , and even provided three meals , symbolically charging citizens an affordable fee .
this will not only solve the employment problem of the unemployed , but the government will also not have to worry about the effectiveness of such measures as baby bonuses , increased maternity leave , the quality of female domestic workers , and tax rebates .
what beijing needs to do is not only to act as the leader of the six - party talks , but also to focus on china 's long - term interests on the Korean peninsula , prepare for a rainy day , and make strategic arrangements as soon as possible .
specifically , on the one hand , beijing wants to urge the DPRK to give up its nuclear weapons ; on the other hand , it wants to start with reforming Kim Chong - il 's regime to lead it onto the path of modern civilization , dispel the danger of a nuclear war in northeast asia , maintain the status quo on the Korean peninsula , and gain bargaining chips for a long - term strategic maneuver with the united states .
Pyongyang is a bully with a deep desire to develop its economy and integrate into the international community .
however , this desire is often manifested in a forceful , irrational , and sometimes totally incompatible form with international rules .
in fact , for some time now , beijing has been using its influence and economic aid means to force Pyongyang to change its stance that does not conform to international rules .
however , this operation still needs to be planned in all directions .
Beijing 's assistance to Pyongyang should not be limited to the economic level , but should extend to other areas of society , and should not be limited to Pyongyang 's abandonment of its nuclear program , but should focus on leading it onto the path of modern civilization .
Kerry entered the arena unfavourably , and all the focus was on Dean , the former governor of Vermont .
however , before the Iowa caucuses were held in january , Kerry suddenly emerged and won the caucuses and primary elections in the two most crucial states , Iowa and new Hampshire .
Kerry basically did not miss the state primaries that followed because the state had its own candidate to run for office .
Kerry has only taken six weeks to change from a candidate with few prospects to a final candidate , and all his competitors , including gephardt , Lieberman , Clark , Dean , and Edwards , have fallen one after another . this cannot help but make people take Kerry 's political charm very seriously .
in his 19 - year senate career , Kerry has consistently supported abortion and environmental protection policies , opposed tax cuts that benefit the rich , worked to raise the minimum wage , and hoped to solve the problem of global warming .
his work experience in washington has shown his willingness to face up to social problems , to challenge authority , and to pursue values without fear of offending the interests of a small number of people .
China 's policy of reform and opening up began with agriculture , and rural residents were the earliest beneficiaries of this policy .
however , after the 1990 s , agricultural reform was basically at a standstill because of a large bias in economic policies in favour of cities , and the gap between urban and rural areas became increasingly wide .
over time , china will present two very different worlds , one is a highly prosperous city and the other is a poor and backward country .
in the official words of china , the widening gap between the rich and the poor in china 's urban and rural areas is a developing problem , so it should be solved through sustained development .
that is to say , china 's coastal areas and cities should continue to develop and should not be affected by rural problems .
however , when people see that some major cities can change from year to year and from year to year , they cannot help asking : why have there been no changes in some impoverished areas in the past few decades ?
of course , the paths of development in urban and rural areas are very different . this is a fact that should be acknowledged . however , the question is whether the rural population , which accounts for 70 percent of the total population of the country , has also been cared for and valued while investing a great deal of money in urban construction and providing encouragement and support to the wealthy middle class .
theoretically , successive chinese governments have attached great importance to agricultural , rural , and peasant issues .
over the years , however , the situation in the rural areas has become increasingly difficult and worsening , which shows that the importance attached to the rural areas has become less and less serious .
in any country , public security , procuratorial , and judicial organs should be symbols of justice and fairness , and they should also be the most important systems for ensuring social stability .
unfortunately , however , public security , procuratorial , and judicial organs have become symbols of corruption in china .
according to a recent report by the state auditing administration , the results of last year 's examination of the financial expenditures of public security organs in 26 provinces and municipalities showed that the amount of public security violations nationwide reached 16.5 billion yuan .
the crisis of trust in the public security , procuratorial and judicial organs has become public .
the liu yong incident , the sun Zhigang incident , and the recent Heilongjiang tongbaoma incident all reflect this deep mistrust .
the Tseng BMW incident is even more typical .
much more attention has been paid to this problem than even during the SARS roundup .
as a matter of fact , people 's concern is no longer the tan BMW incident itself , but an expression of mistrust of the entire judicial system .
the departments concerned were very clear about this , so they soon took measures to ban the media .
but there is still the problem .
the second round of six - party talks on the nuclear issue on the Korean peninsula ended in a generally expected outcome .
during the talks , the parties concerned made contacts and tentative explorations on the peripheral issues of the nuclear crisis on the peninsula , and reached consensus on holding a third round of talks and establishing a working group before the end of june this year .
however , on substantive issues such as how the DPRK should abandon its nuclear weapons development program , how the united states should ensure the DPRK 's political and military security after the DPRK abandons its nuclear program , and how it should provide energy assistance to the DPRK , the talks not only failed to make progress , but also gave the impression that the deadlock was getting more and more tense .
neither north korea nor the united states has shown any concession , and neither side has relaxed its basic stance .
what attracts people 's attention , however , is that the united states showed an attitude of not rushing to resolve the issue during this round of talks , giving people the impression that it is dragging its feet .
the tactics displayed by the united states are closely related to the new developments in the current international situation and the interests it is seeking in these new developments .
never before in the history of Roosevelt &apos;s presidency have so many corporate bosses been in jail .
is this a coincidence , or has the public and investors over the past three years become intolerant of corporate crimes and other illegal activities , leading to the concentration of these crimes being exposed one after another recently ?
the answer may not be simple , but it is true that many companies ' criminal activities have been exposed recently .
this augurs well for economic recovery , especially for restoring investment confidence .
the late 1990s may have been one of the most chaotic and elusive periods in us commercial history , and the sooner the effects dissipated , the better .
when the dust settles , the names of some companies will fade into history , and in the end they will only be found in business school textbooks .
other companies , such as Tyco and MCI , under the leadership of the new management team , will try to reorganize themselves to usher in a new round of economic growth .
when will a new round of economic growth arrive ?
as CEO , you may not have an answer .
it doesn &apos;t matter because Fed Chairman Greenspan doesn &apos;t know the answer either .
the bush administration wants to use Keynesianism to stimulate the economy by , on the one hand , vigorously increasing spending ( especially on national defense ) and , on the other hand , greatly reducing taxes .
on the international front , the bush administration continues to promote free trade , but the trade deficit has reached a new high of $ 549 billion .
after the substantial tax cuts , investment and consumption did not increase significantly .
the new Keynesian school , represented by the famous british economist Wyme Godley , believes that the us economy is already in trouble and that bush 's financial and economic strategy is ineffectual .
they held that the so - called " commanding of the law of the market " is only an illusion , which is bound to lead to profits for a small number of people and losses for the majority .
people used to believe that on a global scale , the so - called minority of the profiteers are in the united states , and the majority of the losers are in developing countries .
at present , this is not the case .
many people in the us economic circles believe that besides us - based multinational companies , india and china are also in a prominent position as the current winners of globalization .
India occupies the service economy , while China occupies the manufacturing sector .
people are concentrating their attention on the phenomenon of the massive transfer of us funds and production equipment to china , but they do not see the advantages of china 's high - level , low - income labor market .
first , whether the current situation in Taiwan is within beijing 's estimate or beyond beijing 's estimate .
Beijing only knows its own estimates , but others can judge the results from the open phenomenon .
over the past four years , the Chen shui - Bian and Annette lu independence camps have spoken clearly , acted diligently , and made positive progress in their Taiwan independence moves .
on the other hand , except for the occasional high - pitched tone , beijing 's attitude is almost routine , and it seems indifferent to the progress of Taiwan independence .
however , since last fall , it has changed drastically , as if cattle carts were turned into cars , which has been noticeable for several months , and the handling capacity is quite different from that of the 1990 s .
it can be inferred from this that the current situation in Taiwan is within its estimate .
second , look at Taiwan - related diplomacy .
as for the development of the situation in the Taiwan strait , it depends on whether the attitude of the united states and other major countries is relatively close to beijing or Taipei .
since the attitude of all countries is open and visible , the answer is very clear .
so far , not only have countries and beijing become closer and more concretely intersect , but they have become farther apart and less concretely intersect with Taipei . moreover , they have also begun to give advice to Taiwan 's democracy , which has always been praised .
