White house urges north korea to shut down nuclear reactor
the white house today called for the dispatch of nuclear inspectors to supervise north korea to shut down its nuclear reactor , an appeal made after us president George w. bush and south Korean president Roh Moo - hyun talked by telephone .
White house national security council spokesman John Chandler said the two leaders " discussed recent developments in us - south Korean cooperation on the north Korean nuclear issue and expected IAEA inspectors to return to north korea soon to supervise the suspension and closure of the north Korean nuclear reactor . "
Chandler pointed out that the two presidents also welcomed the us - south korea free trade agreement signed yesterday and will work to ensure that the two parliaments ratify the agreement .
experts believe that the plutonium produced by Pyongyang in the past 20 years is enough to make 12 nuclear weapons .
after visiting Pyongyang last week , us special envoy to the six - party talks hill said he expected the Yongbyon nuclear reactor to be shut down in mid - july .
43 killed in heavy rain in western india
heavy winds and torrential rain hit western india over the weekend , seriously flooding some areas , and all domestic and foreign air routes in the western big city of Bombay were suspended .
rescue officials said today that a total of 43 people were killed .
from june to september every year , strong monsoon winds and heavy rain often cause flooding and even casualties in india , a country with a population of 1.1 billion .
half of the victims were swept away and drowned in the torrential rain , while the rest were electrocuted by collapsing houses or electric wires .
India &apos;s financial center , Mumbai , was also affected .
on the 29th and 32nd alone , the rainfall in Mumbai reached 243 millimeters .
Bombay chief executive Bazak said 13 people were killed in the city alone .
city officials urged 15 million people not to go out until the heavy rain subsided .
rain rested yesterday and much of Mumbai is still flooded today .
Indian flood kills nearly 500 in rainy season
according to officials and media reports , the death toll from heavy rains in the rainy season has climbed to 474 across india this year .
the " news trust of india " quoted government minister in charge of disaster relief and reconstruction Katan as revealing today that india 's provinces have entered the rainy season one after another in the past week , causing heavy casualties and economic losses in various places . at present , the death toll in maharashtra province , where Mumbai , india 's largest city , is located , has reached 358 .
the report pointed out that during his visit to Mumbai , Kadan made the above remarks to media reporters .
he said : at the same time , Maharashtra province , india 's largest cotton producing area , has a vast expanse of land . 27 towns and about 2,000 villages have been seriously flooded , and more than 10,000 victims have been relocated to safe shelters .
throughout india , the rainy season began one after another from south to north a week ago . residents in various provinces greeted the heavy rain with the mood of prolonged drought and rain . however , the rainy season was unexpectedly fierce . one rainy day , roads became rivers , houses in low - lying areas were completely out of water , and traffic was nearly paralyzed . so far , it is estimated that nearly 500 people have lost their lives as a result of floods .
Joe Covic abandons Nadal for final at Wimbledon
Spain 's red earth king Nadal abstained in the final four of the men 's singles match at Wimbledon against Serbia 's Jokovic , who was unable to play again due to injury .
Djokovic , who had called in guards to heal his back in the final 16 and the final eight , decided to drop out after suffering a blistering toe and asking for medical attention in the third set today .
fourth seed jokovic withdrew from the race , allowing the second seed Nadal , who had a three - to - six , six - to - one , and four - to pass the test .
in addition to the fact that Nadal lost his first set at the beginning of the match due to too slow a heat engine , the two sets and the three sets were overwhelmingly ahead .
satellite images show iran digging tunnels to protect nuclear equipment
Iran is digging a tunnel in a mountain near the Natanz uranium enrichment facility , possibly to protect nuclear equipment in the event of an air strike , a us think tank , the institute for science and international security , reported today .
the images were taken by Digital Global of the United States on June 11 and posted on the website of the Institute for Science and International Security .
the institute is based in washington , D.C. , and is a non-profit research group .
the images show that road construction is proceeding along the mountain just 2.4 kilometers south of the Natanz facility , which houses a uranium enrichment plant .
analysts Albright and Brennan pointed out in a report that the entrance and exit of the tunnel in the image " is not clear , but " one of the roads seems to lead to one tunnel facility and the other road may lead to the entrance and exit of the tunnel . "
they said : " such a tunnel facility dug into the mountains will play an excellent protective role in the air raid . "
Iran remains tough on un envoy 's nuclear talks
Deputy director - general of the united nations ' international atomic energy agency ( IAEA ) Heinonen today held talks with Iranian officials in Tehran to try again to resolve the deadlock over iran 's nuclear program .
however , Iranian president Ahmadinejad is still stubbornly resisting under increasing pressure from the united nations for further sanctions .
Ahmadinejad insisted iran would not halt uranium enrichment , but welcomed the latest talks .
he said : &quot; the trend of installing centrifuges can be slowed or accelerated . this is a problem of implementation . however , no one should expect us to give up our rights . we will not stop this trend . &quot;
he made the remarks after Heinonen arrived in Tehran .
the purpose of Hainonen 's visit is to draw up a set of plans to resolve " outstanding issues " arising from iran 's nuclear program .
the united nations has imposed two sets of sanctions on iran over Tehran 's failure to freeze uranium enrichment operations .
the " iran news agency " reported that Hainonen held talks with officials headed by Vadi , assistant chairman in charge of international affairs of iran 's supreme national security council .
Iran 's team also includes IAEA vice - chairman Saeidi and ambassador to the international atomic energy agency Sotanya .
the emergency period Palestinian Prime Minister Fayyad will form a new government . &quot;
the palestinian authority imposed a one - month state of emergency after Hamas militants seized the gaza strip . Prime minister Fayyad resigned temporarily today , but was immediately tasked with forming a new government . "
" Prime minister Fayyad submitted his resignation to president Abbas and the chairman accepted it . at the same time , he also asked him to form a new cabinet government to handle daily affairs , " agriculture and social affairs minister Habahi told afp .
Abbas 's confidant Ammer told afp that Fayyad submitted his resignation and Abbas ordered him to " carry out his current duties until he prepares to form a new government . "
the resignation of the well - respected economist Fayyad is only a procedural resignation and will not shake his position as prime minister .
Fayyad has been leading the palestinian emergency cabinet since the 17 th of last month and is responsible for implementing the state of emergency order announced by Abbas after Hamas violently seized gaza .
according to the basic law of the palestinian self - government , a state of emergency cannot last more than 30 days without the consent of the palestinian parliament , which is now paralysed .
the emergency government &apos;s authorization expires today .
WTO representative introduces bill to break deadlock in doha round talks
the world trade organization ( wto ) today proposed that the united states slash agricultural subsidies and developing countries slash tariffs on imports of industrial products to break the deadlock in the doha round of trade talks .
officials said that the new " draft model " requires the united states to reduce its annual agricultural subsidies from the currently allowed 19 billion us dollars to 16.2 billion us dollars , and developing countries to reduce import tariffs on industrial products to less than 23 percent .
the proposals are aimed at breaking the deadlock in the doha round negotiations over the past six years and bringing about a compromise agreement among 150 wto members .
WTO Secretary General Lamy called the proposals &quot; a fair and reasonable basis for reaching ambitious , balanced and development-oriented agreements . &quot;
Lamy said : &quot; Member States will not be completely satisfied with the contents of the proposal , but the issues that have caused differences are fewer than those that have achieved consensus . &quot;
he called for intensive negotiations in the coming weeks .
the strong earthquake affects the auto factory to reduce or stop production on the production day of spare parts
automakers such as toyota and Nissan said Tuesday they would cut back or even suspend domestic car production as a result of a severe earthquake that hit japan this week .
Japan was hit by a 6.8 magnitude earthquake the day before yesterday , forcing auto parts maker Ri Research Corp. to suspend operation of factories in northwestern Tokyo , which in turn affected car factory production .
Toyota , the world 's best-selling car maker , will suspend domestic car production from tonight to the 21st , a spokeswoman said .
Nissan spokesman Nakagawa said that from the day after tomorrow to the 23rd , two of Nissan 's three factories in japan will suspend some production operations and will reassess the situation over the weekend .
he said that the two factories have two production lines , one of which will be affected , but the company may increase its shift next month to make up for the backward production progress .
Suzuki said partial production would be suspended for three days from tomorrow , and japan 's Fuji heavy industry company , which makes Subaru cars , would also suspend production of small cars from tomorrow and assess the situation on the 21st .
Honda , on the other hand , said it may suspend production lines that depend in part on the supply of spare parts next week .
the quake killed at least 10 people , injured more than 1,000 , and toppled hundreds of houses , forcing factories in the disaster area to shut down .
Indonesia to Stop Selling British Brand Environmental Bags
Indonesia has canceled the sale of brand - name green bags in the united kingdom in view of the disorder caused by a rush to buy in Hong kong earlier this month , the agency said today .
&quot; in view of the events in Hong Kong , we canceled the listing of the environmentally friendly bags , &quot; said OnPedder , a person in charge of the famous OnPedder store in Indonesia Square , a high consumption area .
if the people fight violently for a bag of 140,000 rupees ( about nt $ 494 ) , then it will not have that value . "
thousands of Hong Kong people gathered outside the sales store on the 6th to rush to buy a limited number of environmentally friendly bags designed by British designer Anya Hindmark and printed with the words &quot; I am not a plastic bag . &quot; however , the store owner refused to open the door , causing the scene to get out of hand .
in an attempt to replace plastic bags , this environmentally friendly boutique suddenly became popular in london and new york , triggering a rush to buy it . the price on eBay , an auction site , has soared to several times the retail price .
OnPedder , the only one who won the right to sell in Indonesia , said it was not sure whether it would start selling in a few days .
countdown to hostage crisis : South korea holds direct talks with Taliban
the afghan Taliban kidnapped 23 south Korean hostages and set a sunset deadline for south korea to withdraw its troops from afghanistan or kill the hostages .
South Korean officials today held talks with the Taliban for the first time as time passed and the situation developed in a positive way .
but at the same time , the Taliban said another kidnapped german hostage was very weak and began to fall into a coma and lose consciousness .
the Taliban called on Germany and south korea to withdraw their troops from afghanistan and demanded that the hostages be exchanged for 33 guerrillas imprisoned by the afghan government .
Taliban spokesman Amadi told afp by telephone from an unknown location : " we have direct contact with south Korean representatives through tribal elders . "
Amadeus said : " we hope the talks will yield results . "
the Taliban have set a deadline for killing south Korean hostages in the evening ( 10.30 pm Taiwan time ) .
the guerrillas have extended the deadline twice .
maritime disputes difficult to gather consensus military talks between the two Koreas broke up unhappily
the three - day high - level military talks between the two Koreas broke up unhappily today due to different views on the demarcation of maritime boundaries .
at the talks held in the border city of Panmunjom today , entering the last day of the agenda , North Korea &apos;s chief representative , Lieutenant General Kim Jung Chol ( transliterated ) , said : &quot; we have come to the conclusion that these inconclusive talks are no longer needed . &quot;
flushed and visibly unhappy , Kim Jung - Chol criticized south korea for deliberately avoiding delimiting a new maritime boundary to replace the discussion on the original " northern limit line . "
he pointed out that the &quot; Northern Limit Line &quot; was not legal .
the &quot; Northern Limit Line &quot; in the Yellow Sea was drawn by the US military after the end of the Korean War in 1953 . however , it has become the focus of dispute between the two Koreas in recent years , and North Korea has even refused to acknowledge it .
North korea said south Korean warships illegally intruded into the waters , triggering tensions , an allegation south korea said was groundless .
clashes broke out in local waters in june 1999 , killing dozens of north Korean sailors .
in june 2002 , similar clashes broke out again , tragically killing six south Koreans .
US treasury secretary visits china to focus on environmental protection and exchange rate
US treasury secretary Paulson arrived in china yesterday for a visit . the united states is making every effort to persuade china to further carry out necessary economic reforms and environmental protection work , especially on the issue of the renminbi exchange rate , which has attracted much attention .
US diplomats said Paulson first went to Xining , capital of Qinghai , a major province in northwest china .
China is currently implementing a series of environmental protection projects near the largest saltwater lake in Qinghai province .
Paulson transferred to beijing today to discuss with chinese officials the process of promoting the " us - china strategic economic dialogue " launched last year and other topics .
the us - china strategic economic dialogue mainly discusses economic , environmental protection , and other topics . the most important issue is the RMB exchange rate . US congressmen believe that the renminbi 's value is excessively undervalued .
the us - china trade deficit is rapidly soaring and pressure is gradually rising in the united states . congressmen are prepared to take retaliatory action to confront their so - called unfair trade policy of china .
last week , the us senate finance committee overwhelmingly passed a bill requiring the treasury department to designate a list of countries whose currency exchange rate is " fundamentally misvalued , " opening the door to potential economic sanctions against beijing .
US congressmen said that the undervaluation of the renminbi made china 's goods sold to the united states very cheap and aggravated the us - china trade imbalance . last year , the us trade deficit with china reached $ 232.5 billion .
Mourinho insists he will stay at Chelsea until the age of 60
since the beginning of the season , Mourinho 's future at Chelsea has been a hot topic in the media , but as usual , the portuguese have again stressed that he will definitely stay in west london this summer .
some newspapers have listed 14 candidates for Chelsea &apos;s new manager , but I will stay at Chelsea , Mourinho said sarcastically .
Mourinho reiterated that he hopes to be able to pick up Portugal 's coach one day . I really want to coach the national team . I believe that one day the portuguese football association will also very much like to hire me as coach of the national team .
however , Mourinho , 44 , does not intend to dedicate his life to football . he said he will retire before the age of 60 . he does not want to be as old as Bobby Robson and sir Alex Ferguson .
I have made a promise to my wife that i will not coach until i am 70 , like Robson and Ferguson .
Mourinho frankly said : at the age of 60 , i want to bid farewell to football once and for all .
I have so many things I can &apos;t do right now waiting for me to do .
I don &apos;t want to be a football consultant or technical director like Baldano or Saki .
I don &apos;t want to play that role .
I do n't want to be president of a club , i just want to say good - bye to football once and for all , said Mourinho .
( Qi Liang )
trial begins on the case of Wang Bingbing in Cao Sheng Village , Hongdong , Shanxi Province ( Chart )
chinanews , july 4 - with the attention of the public , the intermediate court of Linfen city , Shanxi province , held a first - instance hearing this morning on the case of wang bing , wang bing , of caosheng village , guangshengsi town , hongdong county , Shanxi province .
many media in the country are following the progress of the case .
due to the caution of the local departments concerned , some reporters were unable to enter the venue to conduct on - site interviews .
at present , the trial is still in progress .
according to a staff member of the criminal division of the Linfen city intermediate people 's court , if the trial goes smoothly , it is estimated that the trial will be concluded on the same day .
but it remains to be seen whether the case will be pronounced in court .
at around 0900 this morning , a reporter noticed the scene outside the gate of the Linfen city intermediate people 's court . passers-by looked calm and went about their business as usual .
probably used to the ongoing courtroom activities in the courtroom .
there will be results when the time comes , and i believe that the law is just .
an elderly man passing by looked up at the national emblem for a moment and said to himself .
earlier , sources in hongdong county confirmed that wang dongji , father of the accused wang bing and former party branch secretary of cao shengcun , had been dismissed as a deputy to the county people 's congress according to law .
earlier , wang dongji was dismissed from his post as secretary of the village party branch and expelled from the party because he was suspected of violating discipline in wang bing 's tan black brick kiln case .
the slave labor incident in Shanxi 's black brick kiln , triggered by the wang bing black brick kiln case , once aroused attention at home and abroad , and the central authorities issued a directive demanding strict investigation .
DPRK , ROK reach agreement on cooperation in light industry and underground resources
chinanews , july 8
North korea and south korea today reached an agreement on cooperation in light industry and underground resources development .
according to the agreement , the ROK will provide the DPRK with raw materials for the production of light industrial products such as garments , and in this regard , the DPRK will grant the ROK mining rights in some domestic mines .
according to a report by the japan broadcasting association , the ROK and the DPRK held business - level consultations in Kaesong in three days on cooperation in light industry and underground resource development , and finally reached an agreement .
according to this agreement , the ROK will provide the DPRK with raw materials for the production of garments , shoes , and soap within this year , with a total value equivalent to 9.8 billion yen .
to this end , the DPRK will grant mining rights to three mines in the country to the ROK .
the south Korean government will ship the first batch of 500 tons of fiber from the western port of Incheon on july 25 .
according to the plan , starting from 28 july , the ROK and the DPRK will jointly investigate mines in the eastern part of the DPRK .
at the end of last month , the south Korean government began a plan to provide 400,000 tons of rice to north korea .
after the DPRK expressed its willingness to actively implement the agreement reached through negotiations among the six countries , including the closure of nuclear facilities , economic cooperation between the DPRK and the ROK has once again become active .
Lanzhou price bureau explains beef noodle price limit : only because the increase is too large
chinanews , Lanzhou , july 10
this afternoon , the Lanzhou city commodity price bureau invited relevant departments to hold a forum on the issue of price limits on beef noodles .
at the press conference , it was learned that the main reason why the city 's commodity price bureau and other departments jointly issued a price cap on paper was that beef noodle prices had risen too much , which was beyond the ordinary residents ' ability to withstand .
according to statistics , the price of beef noodles has risen by as much as 20 percent this time , the shortest and largest increase since the Lanzhou beef noodle price rose for the first time in the early 1980 s .
the government 's action is to take into account the economic capability of ordinary residents in this region . we introduced the price ceiling after a cost survey , said the director of the commodity price bureau of Zhanlanzhou city .
on 26 april , the Lanzhou city commodity price bureau , the industry and commerce bureau , the health bureau , and four other departments jointly imposed a maximum price on beef noodle in the city . once the news was revealed , it aroused strong concern .
it has been learned that the purpose of the forum was to extensively listen to the opinions of various circles and solicit opinions and suggestions for the next step of introducing specific management measures . it was also revealed that Lanzhou will hold a news conference tomorrow .
this will be the second news conference held in Lanzhou city on the beef noodle price increase incident .
Ministry of civil affairs punishes china regional development promotion association : stop activities for three months
chinanews , july 11 - according to information from the website of the ministry of civil affairs , on july 9 , the ministry of civil affairs imposed an administrative penalty of three months ' suspension of the activities of the china regional development promotion association .
the punishment order shows that the china regional development promotion association has committed the following illegal acts : 1 ) collecting dues in excess of the standard ; 2 ) collecting other fees from non - member units using receipts for membership fees .
according to investigations , the membership fee standard of the association is 2,000 yuan per year . from june 2005 to february 2007 , the association issued receipts to more than 20 units . in addition to the 2,000 yuan membership fee collected by one unit member , the other units collected fees ranging from 10,000 yuan to 100,000 yuan , totaling more than 800,000 yuan , including management fees collected from branches and internal organs . this seriously violated relevant laws and regulations .
in accordance with the provisions of article 33 , paragraph 1 ( 8 ) , of the " regulations on the registration and management of social organizations , " the ministry of civil affairs imposed an administrative penalty of three months ' suspension of the association 's activities and sealed the association 's seal and other related articles according to law .
South Korean government hopes to speed up denuclearization of peninsula through six - party talks
chinanews , july 12 - according to Yonhap news agency , the ROK government welcomes the meeting of heads of delegation of the six - party talks to be held in beijing on july 18 .
a spokesman for the ministry of foreign affairs and trade of the republic of korea ( ROK ) said in a commentary on the 12 th : " we hope that at the meeting of heads of delegation of the six - party talks , we can discuss measures to conclude the initial phase and implement the next phase as soon as possible , as well as concrete and substantive plans for holding talks of the six - party foreign ministers , so as to speed up the process of denuclearization of the Korean peninsula . "
the commentary also said : as a core state party to the DPRK nuclear issue , the chinese government will continue to play an active role in the rapid and successful realization of the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula and will cooperate closely with relevant countries to this end .
officials say the Beijing Olympics are expected to create the largest number of countries and regions to compete in the Games
chinanews , july 16 ,
according to Xinhua news agency , wang shilin , deputy director of the international liaison department of the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games , disclosed on the 14 th that the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games will issue an invitation to 205 member olympic committees of the international olympic committee to participate in the 2008 olympic games next month .
he said : if there is no accident , the beijing olympic games will become the most participating countries and regions in history .
the report said : from 10 to 12 this month , wang shilin , on behalf of the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games , briefed the pan - american sports organization general assembly on the progress of preparations for the beijing olympic games , including the construction of venues , transportation arrangements , ticketing , and accommodation .
Wang shilin said : all the member countries and regions of the pan - american sports organization have shown great enthusiasm for participating in the beijing olympic games . all 42 members have confirmed that they will attend the meeting of heads of delegations of the olympic countries and regions to be held in beijing next month .
it has been learned that at this meeting , the IOC , together with the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games , will formally invite the 205 IOC member olympic committees to participate in the 2008 olympic games .
( Gao Peng Yang Limin )
Wang Yan &apos;s injury improved and he insisted on sitting on the bench and regaining his upper limb strength .
Wang Yan can already sit up on the bench , but not for long , otherwise she will feel dizzy .
Wang Yan , who was injured earlier in the competition , is still recovering from her injuries . among them , her left and right upper limbs have regained their muscle strength compared with those of more than 10 days ago , and she has been promoted to the second level of guinea pig .
on 4 april , when wang Yan was transferred from the ICU ( intensive care unit ) of the Shanghai no. 6 hospital to the special needs ward , her right upper limb strength ranged from 2 to 3 , and her left upper limb strength ranged from 1 .
nearly half a month later , wang Yan 's upper limb muscle strength has further improved .
Dr tan said wang Yan 's right hand had a muscle strength of more than four levels , only one level lower than the normal five levels , and her left hand also had a muscle strength of more than three levels , tan said .
that is to say , in less than half a month , wang Yan 's upper limb muscle strength recovered to the second - level dart .
not long ago , Wang Yan was able to sit in bed for five minutes with the help of a doctor .
the hospital 's rehabilitation experts had originally planned to let wang Yan practice touching the ground under the protection of the rehabilitation bed last weekend .
however , according to wang Yan 's recovery at this stage , the ground - to - ground rehabilitation training has to be postponed temporarily .
Wu xiqin said : Wang Yan 's current exercise is mainly based on sitting in a booth . she can sit on the bench for a while , but not for long . ( reporter wang chunqiu )
Venezuelan president Chavez says he will slash wages for senior civil servants
chinanews , july 23 - Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez delivered a long speech on Venezuela 's internal and foreign policies on july 22 .
he said that the salaries of senior civil servants had been drastically cut .
he added that foreigners coming to Venezuela would face serious consequences if they attacked the Venezuelan government and would be expelled from the country .
Chavez has ordered government officials to closely monitor what foreigners say when they visit Venezuela , and found that anyone who openly criticizes him or the Venezuelan government will be expelled from the country .
he said in a televised speech on the evening of the 22 nd that Venezuela will not tolerate foreigners coming to the house to tell us what to do .
in his speech , he also pointed out that the salaries of senior civil servants will be greatly reduced .
he said that the highest salary of Venezuelan civil servants could not exceed 7,000 us dollars per month .
it is reported that in Venezuela , the monthly income of some poor people is 250 us dollars .
in latin american countries , it has become a common practice to cut civil servants ' wages , and this has won the support of the broad masses of the people .
leaders of peru , Bolivia , and other countries all cut their salaries themselves .
Chavez also said that Cuban leader Castro reminded him to pay attention to assassinations directed by the us side .
he said Castro had given him a memoir written by former cia director tenet to show him the secret secrets of the cia .
the F1 spy case hearing ended yesterday . McLaren got away with it .
last night , beijing time , a special hearing convened by the FIA motor sports council on the Ferrari technology espionage case ended in Paris . the McLaren motorcade , which was summoned , escaped : the council decided not to punish McLaren for the time being .
the official website of the international automobile federation issued a statement after the hearing , saying : " at present , there is not enough evidence to prove that the secret Ferrari information is being used improperly in the FIA formula one world championships and therefore no penalty will be imposed . "
however , the Ferrari technological espionage case has not come to an end .
in the decision , the auto sports council also said : " we reserve the right to ask the McLaren team to return to the auto sports council for a hearing if it finds out in the future that Ferrari 's relevant information will be used to harm the championship . at that time , they may face the penalty of being disqualified from the 2007 season or even the 2008 season . "
former McLaren chief designer Mike Koglan , who has now been suspended from his post , was found to be in possession of nearly 800 pages of Ferrari technical documents , including the design , driving force , construction , inspection , testing , development , and operation of the Ferrari 2007 car .
McLaren insisted that no one else in the team knew about the information before Coagland was suspended and that there was no Ferrari element in McLaren 's car this season .
( Wang Yuan )
experts believe : insurance QDII will not divert domestic stock market funds in the short term
chinanews , july 30
according to a report by the china securities daily , a few days ago , the " interim procedures for the management of overseas investment of insurance funds " were promulgated , and insurance funds have a broader scope for the use of the capital market .
Liu lefei , chief investment officer of china life stock company , believes that with the appreciation of the renminbi and the improvement of the domestic capital market , insurance institutions will not make large - scale overseas investments through foreign exchange purchases in the short term , which also means that insurance QDII will not divert domestic stock market funds in the short term .
according to the report , many insurance organizations hold the same view .
experts say that since there is currently no renminbi derivatives market and insurance institutions do not have sufficient means to avoid risks , the time is not ripe for large - scale foreign exchange purchases .
Liu lefei said : in the long run , in terms of asset allocation , overseas investment should occupy a certain proportion of the overall allocation of insurance companies .
however , in view of the relatively strong upward pressure on the renminbi at present , china life will mainly use its own foreign exchange funds to make overseas investments .
foreign exchange purchases for overseas investment should be handled with caution under the present circumstances .
( SHANG Xiaoyang )
China directly loses 52.5 billion yuan in flood prevention this year
the reporter learned from the state flood control and drought relief headquarters : as of 29 july , 118 million mu of flooded crops across the country had been affected , of which 54.14 million mu had been damaged , 119.15 million people had been affected , 652 people had died as a result of the disaster , 452,000 houses had collapsed , and direct economic losses amounted to 52.5 billion yuan .
across the country , 140 million mu of farmland has been affected by drought , and 5.88 million people and 4.7 million large livestock have had temporary difficulties in drinking water because of the drought .
on 29 july , the state general headquarters for flood prevention and drought relief made an emergency deployment in view of the current grim situation of flood prevention and drought relief .
he called on all provinces along the Huai he and the flood control headquarters of the Huai he to step up control , strengthen the defense of embankments during the receding period , and win an all - round victory in flood control and flood control along the Huai he .
the state general administration of flood prevention , together with the financial , agricultural , and other departments , has sent three working groups to the frontline of flood prevention and the drought - stricken areas to guide flood prevention and drought relief work .
at present , flood control and flood control work on the Huaihe river is proceeding in an intense and orderly manner , flood control works are running normally , the Huaihong new river of the Huaihe river is also being flooded , and 268,000 people in Henan , Anhui , and Jiangsu provinces are sticking to the embankments of the Huaihe river .
there is no great danger in the embankment of the main stream of the Huai river .
Heilongjiang , Jiangxi , and other provinces launched an emergency drought - relief response in accordance with the plan , and drought - relief work is being carried out in an intense and orderly manner .
( reporter Zhao Yongping )
Chen shui - Bian secretly criticized the judicial intervention in the election , which was denied by the Taiwan judicial yuan and asked for an explanation .
chinanews , july 31 - Chen shui - Bian questioned on the 30th the attempt of judicial personnel on the island to intervene in the election of the leader of the Taiwan region .
on the same day , Tseng Kao - Kim - chih , director of the administration department of Taiwan 's senate court , said that the current performance of the judges on the island did not conform to what Chen shui - Bian said , and asked Chen shui - Bian to explain his remarks .
according to a report by Taiwan 's lien - ho PAO , Chen shui - Bian questioned judges , prosecutors , or investigators on 30 june . due to political factors or election considerations , he intervened in , influenced , and even attempted to influence the campaign activities of candidates of various political parties . he said he hoped that this phenomenon would not exist in Taiwan , but it might be very difficult .
in response to Chen shui - Bian 's question , Taiwan justice president tan Weng - Yue - Sheng did not respond with a low - key tone , while Tseng fan Kwong - Chun appointed Gao jinzhi to speak on behalf of Tseng jia court .
Gao jinzhi said : both the Taiwan fundamental law and judge Heng 's code explicitly state that judges should not participate in party activities or assist in elections , that judges are very careful to abide by the relevant restrictions , and that he believes that judges have done a good job .
Gao jinzhi pointed out , for example , that judge Chang Sheng - Hee of Kaohsiung high school took part in the Kedaglan school course a few years ago , that is , a self-discipline committee composed of judges decided to punish him for the political nature of the course .
Chang Sheng - Hee once wanted to participate in the primary election of the democratic progressive party , but because of a dispute over running for office , he finally decided to give up .
Gao jinzhi held that if there is relief at the trial level in individual cases , it is not possible to infer that the judge has another political intention simply on the basis of winning or losing the verdict .
Germany to lower entry threshold for professionals
Xinhua news agency , Berlin , july 1 , by wire ( reporter huaicheng wang )
German minister of education and scientific research savan said a few days ago that Germany should lower the restrictions on the introduction of foreign professionals in the " immigration law " and resolve the shortage of professional personnel in Germany by increasing the introduction of foreign personnel .
according to the oecd report , Germany 's labor force between the ages of 15 and 64 will decline year by year by 2010 .
if there are not enough immigrants , Germany 's labor force will be reduced by 6 percent by 2020 .
however , reports from the german employers ' federation , the german engineers ' association , and other organizations show that there is a big shortage of engineers and professional and technical personnel in the german labor market at present .
according to the data of the german federal labor office , in may this year , the supply gap of engineers in the german labor market was about 12.7 - million , and the supply gap of technicians was about 9,600 .
in order to protect the employment of its own people , Germany has set a relatively high threshold for the introduction of foreign talents .
Germany 's " immigration law " stipulates that professionals from non - eu countries must earn no less than 85,500 euros a year in Germany , otherwise they cannot obtain work and residence permits in Germany .
Savan suggested that the limit be lowered to 40,000 to 60,000 euros .
don &apos;t believe in the theory of law
article 8 of the draft amendment to the " lawyers law , " which was recently submitted to the NPC standing committee for deliberation , stipulates that persons who have engaged in legal research , teaching , and other professional work , and who possess a high professional title or equivalent professional level , may be allowed to practice law upon examination and approval by the judicial administration department of the state council .
( China youth daily , june 28 )
in legal terms , there is the division between the theoretical circle and the practical circle . the former mainly includes such abstract behaviors as legal teaching and research work , while the latter is more engaged in litigation , legal consultation , and legal services .
for a long time , there has been a phenomenon of people in the legal theory and the real world being in a light of each other 's likes . the real world is thought to lack the necessary legal literacy in the real world and to be a mechanical legalist in the real world , while the real world 's criticism of the real world is pointed to the fact that the real world is unable to guide the practice of the theory .
with regard to such differences in division of labor , what the law can do is to remain neutral , and not to strongly support either side .
however , the paralegal system in the " lawyer law " objectively recognizes that the legal theory field is superior to the legal practice field .
in fact , some experts and scholars engaged in the study and teaching of legal history , international law and other pure legal theories , no matter how advanced their theoretical attainments , are incompatible with the practice of law .
in this way , there is no doubt that the establishment of a special lawyer system has opened up an extremely unfavorable and bad situation for the confusion of the qualifications of the legal and practical circles .
these are not the only superstitions about the tan theorists , such as the phenomenon that expert opinions and expert panel discussions often influence or even negate court decisions , and this is also a direct manifestation of this superstition .
encouraging chinese - funded ships to fly the five - star red flag
Xinhua news agency , reporter feng lei
at a news conference held by the state council information office , it was learned that starting from 1 july this year , china will implement a tax exemption registration policy for special cases involving chinese - funded international shipping vessels , encourage chinese - funded vessels flying foreign flags to return to china for registration , acquire PRC nationality , and fly a five - star red flag for navigation .
in order to further promote the healthy development of our country 's maritime industry and expand our country 's fleet of ships , and in view of the relevant problems arising from the registration and flying of foreign flags by a considerable number of ships engaged in international navigation in china , the ministry of communications recently issued a " circular on the implementation of the tax exemption registration policy for special cases involving chinese - funded international shipping vessels , " clarifying the conditions and application procedures for enjoying the tax exemption policy for special cases . starting from 1 july this year , ships that meet the requirements will be exempted from customs duties and import link value - added tax if they apply for import declaration within two years .
Shanghai , Tianjin and Dalian may be selected as the port of origin for ship registration procedures .
Britain lowers alert level for terrorist attacks
Xinhua news agency , london , july 5 , by reporter Lin guo
on the 4 th , the british government lowered the alert level for terrorist attacks from the highest level to the lowest level , indicating that a terrorist attack in britain will not be imminent , but the possibility of an attack is still very high .
at present , the british police have turned their investigation to india and australia .
as the eight suspected terrorists arrested all work in the medical system , the government will urgently examine the background of immigrants entering the medical system to work .
it is learned that nearly 90,000 people working in the british public health system have obtained medical qualifications overseas .
Prime minister brown also asked for background checks on high - skilled immigrant applicants , and employers or relevant agencies will be asked to provide background information on applicants .
don &apos;t let the vendors bother you in public places .
going out for a trip is aimed at relaxing , refreshing , being at ease , and maximizing the enjoyment of the fruits of natural scenery and social civilization .
however , when traveling in the country , many people encounter this kind of trouble and are chased and intercepted by vendors and intermediaries in public places .
no matter if it is a car or a train that gets on or off the train , it always encounters small vendors and some unlicensed intermediaries .
it is either selling eggs , peanuts , and scones , or newspapers and magazines , or many unlicensed intermediaries introduce food and beverage accommodation , and even peddle fake certificates and fake invoices .
if you do n't accept it , he can chase you for several hundred meters , and there is a strong tendency to become benevolent if you do n't succeed .
in some scenic spots , many tourists feel the same way .
before entering the gate , some people came to peddle tourist souvenirs and small handicrafts and so on .
after entering the house , the situation became even more so , and no matter how good the taste was , it was completely uninteresting to stir it up .
it has been reported in the media that many foreign tourists to xian have been full of praise for the scenic spots and monuments in xian , but they are incomprehensible for allowing a large number of small business hawkers to peddle everywhere .
public places , including stations and scenic spots , are originally places for travel and leisure . we should pay attention to civilization and order , peace and harmony , and provide a comfortable and relaxed environment for tourists .
the free entry and exit of vendors has disturbed the minds of tourists , objectively disrupted the public order of these public places , created visual pollution and environmental pollution , and also provided lawless elements with the conditions and opportunities to stir up trouble .
what is important is that these public places are windows to the building of the local spiritual civilization . a glimpse shows the whole leopard . what is damaged is not only an image problem , but also an impact on the local economic development .
just think , if you want to become a big and strong tourism industry , but you use such a messy tourism environment to welcome guests from the south to the north , who will still want to come , and who dares to come ?
how does your economy benefit from tourism ?
with the arrival of the peak tourism season , it should be said that it is an urgent task to create a civilized tourism environment for tourists from all parts of the world .
public places are not markets , and the operations of small traders and hawkers should be standardized , those operating without licenses should be resolutely abolished , and illegal activities should be resolutely cracked down upon .
only by maintaining a civilized and orderly environment can visitors be happy to come , enjoy themselves , and come back again .
in a word , do n't let vendors bother you in public places .
= = = = = = = = = = =
in Dongcheng district of beijing , Guomen street was built to distribute refrigerators and other items as an incentive for 12 households to voluntarily withdraw their insurance .
( Beijing daily , july 10 )
the author is happy about the improvement of these families ' lives , but he is in a complicated mood when he mentions the practice of taking the initiative to retire from his post , and when he gives a reward to the villagers .
Deputy director of the jianguomen neighborhood office said : in view of such problems as cheating on the minimum subsistence allowance , tan encouraged the voluntary withdrawal of the minimum subsistence allowance , which is an example for other low - income households .
it is indeed worth advocating if this example is to motivate other LSS officers to extricate themselves from difficulties through their own efforts , and it would be naive to use it to enlist the support of those who have cheated the LSS for a long time .
in the work of distinguishing between genuine and fake low - security households , more reliance should be placed on the law .
relevant departments should strengthen the obligations that must be fulfilled by low - income households when enjoying low - income insurance : for example , they should promptly report changes in family members and income , report employment , and undergo periodic review , while relevant departments should step up supervision and inspection .
after all , the only long - term solution is to retire according to law .
who pays for the in kind rewards the street gives to the retiring families ?
as a primary government organization , the streets are financed by financial appropriations .
and should the taxpayer 's money be spent ?
on the one hand , families that have withdrawn from the subsistence allowance have proved that they have attained a certain degree of self - sufficiency . on the other hand , do n't the people applying for the subsistence allowance still exist ?
the government 's financial allocation , known as life - saving money , should be a blessing in disguise , not a icing on the cake .
Liu Gangyi is willing to be a service person . that &apos;s more trustworthy .
on 10 july , liu gangyi , secretary of the town party committee and secretary of the Mulan town party committee of the xindu district of Chengdu city , who was the first in the country to be directly elected by the public , accepted democratic appraisal for the fourth time after taking office , with a satisfaction rate of 97 percent .
in the dialogue between the reporter and liu gangyi , liu gangyi positioned himself as a waiter .
( Beijing News , yesterday )
in liu gang - yi 's words , the Ting servicemen may be more truthful and more convincing than the Ting servicemen in some of the appointed cadres .
the greatest advantage of the public direct election system over the appointment system is that the former is mainly determined by ordinary party members and the masses , while the latter is mainly appointed by higher - level organizations . the direction of the sources of power determines that the former must put being responsible to the masses in the first place .
the source of power and who is accountable are fundamental factors in determining how the elected person will carry out his or her work .
some people doubt that such a democratic review is more like a dongxiu show .
in my opinion , it is better to have such a form of democratic appraisal than not to have it .
considering the history and current situation of the building of democracy at the grass - roots level in china , i believe that direct election by public election is already a major breakthrough , democratic appraisal is an important component of this initiative , and we must not underestimate the promotion of democracy at the grass - roots level .
India is expected to elect first woman president analysts say it is more likely to be elected ; women voters want it to improve the status of women
on june 23 , Patil put his hands together before completing the presidential candidate 's document .
India 's presidential election kicked off on the 19 th , with a new president to be elected between incumbent vice president sheikavat and Rajasthan governor Pratibataepatir , who recently resigned .
Patil is the first female presidential candidate in india 's history . if she is elected , she will become the first female president in india 's history .
Patil is the presidential candidate of the ruling congress party , and Shekavat is from the opposition people 's party .
since the congress party has an advantage in the presidential electoral college , the media and the people have guessed one after another that Patil is more likely to be elected .
Patil , 72 , is the governor of Rajasthan .
born a lawyer , she entered the parliament in 1985 and has rich political experience . during her tenure as governor of Rajasthan , she was well received by the government .
she is also committed to social welfare and honorary president of many cultural , educational and social welfare organizations .
analysts pointed out that Patil 's candidacy was due to her unswerving allegiance to Sonia Gandhi , chairman of india 's congress party .
in india , the Gandhi family has long controlled the ruling congress party .
Patil has been supported by a large number of women voters , and women voters believe that Patil will recreate the image of women and enhance their status in india , where there is serious discrimination against women .
the constitution stipulates that india is a federal country , and the president is the nominal head of state and commander - in - chief of the armed forces , not representing any party organization , but rather a symbol .
( Yan Yingjian )
US supports palestinian government to expel extremists
Xinhua news agency , washington , july 22 , by reporter Qisheng Xu
US president George w. bush said on the 21 st that the united states will give its full support to the Pakistani government in expelling al - Qaeda and Taliban extremists from areas along Pakistan 's border with afghanistan .
in his weekly radio address on the same day , bush said that according to new us intelligence , al - Qaeda has found safe havens in the border area between Pakistan and afghanistan .
he said he was very worried about this .
Bush said that the united states will continue to support Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf and believes that Musharraf will persist in his struggle against al Qaeda and Taliban militants .
a recent " national intelligence assessment " report issued by the united states pointed out that the muslim armed groups , especially the al - Qaeda group of bin laden , still pose a continuous threat to the united states .
the agreement reached between Musharraf and some tribal leaders in northern Pakistan in september last year to guard against the activities of the remnants of the Taliban and members of al Qaeda did not achieve the desired results .
these tribal leaders are unwilling or unable to maintain security in the area by themselves .
Bush said in this pre - recorded speech that Musharraf is taking positive steps to correct this mistake .
US hopes DPRK nuclear agreement will be fully implemented
Xinhua news agency , washington , july 24 , by reporter Qisheng Xu
US assistant secretary of state and chief us representative to the six - party talks on the DPRK nuclear issue hill said on 23 march that the six - party talks on the DPRK nuclear issue held last week were very important . the meeting made real progress for the first time , but this was only a preliminary move to implement the agreement .
the united states very much hopes that the " 19 september joint statement " and the " 13 february joint document " on resolving the DPRK nuclear issue will be fully implemented in 2008 .
hill said at a news conference on the same day that in order to achieve the goal of completely resolving the DPRK nuclear issue in 2008 , it is necessary for the DPRK to declare all its nuclear programs and disable its nuclear facilities before the end of this year .
he expressed the hope that all parties concerned will fully implement the agreement reached at the six - party talks on the DPRK nuclear issue within one year .
hill also said that while holding talks on security and energy issues , the us - DPRK and Japanese - DPRK working groups will separately discuss issues to be resolved in us - DPRK and Japanese - DPRK bilateral relations .
rapid shrinkage of Alpine glaciers due to climate change
Xinhua news agency , geneva , july 29 , by reporter jun liu
a long - term follow - up study by glaciers experts at the Swiss academy of sciences found that between 1850 and 2005 , more than 1,800 glaciers in Switzerland were shrinking at an average annual rate of 3% .
heat waves in 2003 alone caused the Alpine glaciers to melt by 1.8% .
experts believe that by 2100 , if global temperatures rise by 3 degrees celsius , glaciers will shrink by 80% , and if they rise by 5 degrees celsius , glaciers will melt completely .
the Alec glacier , the longest glacier in europe , has been listed on the unesco world natural heritage list , but has shrunk by 100 meters between 2005 and 2006 , making it imperative to protect the natural environment .
the picture shows Alec glacier up to 23 kilometers long .
photo by Liu Jun
Beijing olympic games regional consumer association initiative : to be civilized consumers
Xinhua news agency , beijing , july 30 ,
reporter Liang Jie learned from the chinese consumer association : on the eve of the countdown to the first anniversary of the opening of the 29th olympic games on 8 august , the beijing municipal consumer association , the Tianjin municipal consumer association , the Shanghai municipal consumer rights protection commission , the Shenyang municipal consumer association , the Qingdao municipal consumer association , the Qinhuangdao municipal consumer association , and the Hong kong consumer council , in the name of consumer rights protection organizations in six cities and one district , issued a proposal to consumers : show the city 's elegance , let us smile , and bring harmony to the world .
the proposal is that we should strengthen our awareness of the humanistic olympics , learn etiquette , enhance our civilization , practice the norms of civilization , abide by social ethics , and be civilized consumers .
enhance the awareness of the green olympics , protect the ecological environment , cherish natural resources , actively promote sustainable consumption , and be a consumer who advocates green consumption ;
foster a sense of diligence and thrift , change the concept of consumption , abandon blind comparison , oppose extravagance and waste , and become a rational consumer with a scientific concept of consumption ;
we should enhance our awareness of protecting consumer rights , take the initiative to participate in social supervision , consciously respect and safeguard intellectual property rights , correctly understand our rights and obligations , and be consumers who act in accordance with the law and protect their rights in a reasonable manner .
we should advocate a sense of ownership and active participation , publicize the olympic concept , and be a disseminator of the olympic spirit .
Hong kong celebrates 10 years of reunification
on 1 july , the alarm bell of the jinghai temple memorial hall in Nanjing was struck again and the bell sounded melodiously .
this heavy historical echo was shared by the citizens of the mainland and Hong kong , Nanjing , and Hong kong compatriots , Heng tianya , through the television station 's televised link to mark the 10 th anniversary of Hong kong 's return to the motherland .
ten years ago , at midnight on 1 july , 155 alarm bells rang over the bell tower of the Jinghai temple memorial hall in Nanjing to bid farewell to the humiliating history of the cession of Hong kong island .
in front of the small memorial hall , people from all walks of life in Nanjing gathered together . they said that they would ring the alarm bell through their own hands and always warn themselves and future generations not to forget history .
the bell was 1.842 meters high , and 1842 coincided with the signing of the " Nanjing treaty " during the outbreak of the opium war .
the shoulder height is 1.997 metres and 1997 is the year of Hong kong 's reunification .
Wang fengling , the planner and miner of the world alarm bell , explained that the five tongwang characters revolve around the body of the bell , the bronze bell uses high relief , two dragons hold up fireballs , symbolizing that Hong kong is the eastern pearl of the motherland , and finally , Nanjing city 's plum blossom is used as the impact pattern of the bell body .
Yu xiaodong , the first democratic party figure to propose the construction of an alarm clock in those years , said in general terms that it had been 10 years since Hong kong 's return to the motherland . he hoped that Hong kong 's tomorrow would be as bright and melodious as that bell and never cease to stand .
( end ) ( Zhu Xiaoying and Liu Yang )
Russia &apos;s Security Service accuses exiled oligarch Bee Tae of plotting a coup .
Borovkov , a lawyer for the exiled russian oligarch Berezovsky in london , announced on 2 july that the russian federal security agency has formally filed a new charge against his client , accusing Berezovsky of plotting a state coup and attempting to violently seize russian power .
Borovkov pointed out : in an interview with a british newspaper the guardian in april this year , Berezovsky announced that he was ready to launch a coup d ' etat at the palace in russia , confirming that he was providing financial support to representatives of the right - wing elite who opposed the policies of the authorities .
in accordance with article 278 of the russian federal criminal law , the investigation office of the russian federal security service immediately launched an investigation into a criminal case against Berez , and recently formally filed a corresponding charge with the Saviliev court in Moscow .
according to reports , in february 2006 , the russian federal procurator general 's office filed a criminal case against beth on the basis of an interview conducted by an exiled oligarch who also confirmed his attempt to seize russian political power by force .
in january 2007 , the russian side temporarily suspended the investigation of the case because beth had been in exile abroad and could not be extradited .
on july 2 , the Saviliev court in Moscow began hearing another criminal case against the exiled oligarch . the russian procuratorate accused Berezovsky of embezzling 214 - million roubles of russian airline funds and laundering 16 - million roubles . the court decided to postpone the court investigation until july 12 after a hearing , during which a state defense lawyer will be appointed for the defendant .
Bei thinks these are all farces , and explicitly forbids his own defense lawyers to take part in court trial activities .
( Bi Yuan )
135 responsible posts in Guangxi subject to administrative efficiency monitoring 619 people held accountable
since the beginning of this year , all localities and departments in Guangxi have launched activities to change the work style of cadres and strengthen the building of the administrative efficiency of organs . three systems have been implemented : the first responsibility system , the time limit system , and the accountability system . 33 key examination and approval departments directly under the autonomous region and 135 responsibility posts have been included in the administrative efficiency supervision network .
to date , 619 persons have been held accountable .
this reporter learned from the Guangxi Zhuang autonomous regional discipline inspection commission on 5 july that at present , Guangxi has initially formed an administrative efficiency supervision network at the autonomous region , city , and county levels to strengthen supervision over key departments and positions of responsibility . all 14 cities have established electronic supervision systems linked to the autonomous region .
the autonomous region 's electronic supervision system for administrative efficiency is directly linked to 33 key examination and approval departments and 135 responsible posts directly under the autonomous region that have a bearing on the investment environment and the people 's production and life , further standardizing examination and approval behavior , and improving examination and approval efficiency .
at the same time , discipline inspection and supervision organs at all levels in Guangxi have seriously investigated and handled cases involving work style efficiency and harming the interests of the masses . so far , 1,104 cases have been investigated and verified , 769 cases have been closed , and 584 units and 619 people have been investigated for responsibility .
Ma tieshan , member of the standing committee of the Guangxi Zhuang autonomous regional CPC committee and secretary of the discipline inspection commission , said on 5 july that supervision of administrative efficiency is a work that always accompanies administrative activities , and it is necessary to gradually form a long - term mechanism .
Guangxi should further perfect and standardize various rules and regulations governing administrative management , establish and perfect a work mechanism and guarantee mechanism for supervising administrative efficiency , put efficiency supervision on the track of institutionalization and standardization , further standardize the procedures for supervising and inspecting work , perfect the mechanism for handling complaints and the mechanism for evaluating performance , intensify efforts to investigate and affix responsibility , and implement such work systems as a strict accountability system to guarantee the first responsibility system and a time limit system .
( by reporter lifang wang )
NATO does not rule out cooperation with the united states on the ABM system issue
the possibility of docking the us ABM system with NATO 's own defense system cannot be ruled out , NATO information officer Simone de Manso said in an exclusive interview with Xinhua on 9 april .
Simona Zindermanso said that NATO is currently studying the united states ' anti - missile plan and hopes that the united states ' anti - missile base protection will cover all its european allies .
she said : NATO has its own theater missile defense system and has begun discussions on the establishment of a strategic missile defense system . it is not impossible to interface the us ABM system with NATO 's own defense system .
she also said that NATO will exchange information with russia through various channels in a timely manner on the issue of the united states ' establishment of an ABM system in europe .
( by reporter ding yisun , xiyou )
two Jordanians sentenced for plotting attack on us
two Jordanian men were sentenced Tuesday by the Jordanian national security court for plotting to attack Americans in Jordan .
the two men , both aged 25 , were sentenced to eight years ' imprisonment for intensive labour and three years ' imprisonment for intensive labour for Mohammad Tsengshahada .
he was also charged with illegal possession of firearms and police found a submachine gun during a search of his home , court sources said .
the court originally decided to sentence hu tari to life imprisonment , but after considering giving him a chance to mend his ways , the prison term was reduced to eight years .
the indictment said that after the outbreak of the iraq war , the two defendants decided to avenge the muslims who had been humiliated by the Americans and planned to attack the Americans living in Jordan .
in august 2006 , they identified an american living on the outskirts of the Jordanian capital Amman , but were arrested by the police before the attack .
the indictment did not disclose the identity of the american .
the indictment also accused the two defendants of planning to attack other Americans , but did not give details .
( by reporter SU Xiaopo )
the number of reports of adverse reactions caused by the diabetes drug Avandia has soared
the number of reports of adverse reactions such as heart attacks caused by the anti - diabetic drug Avandia has risen sharply in the united states recently , us media reported Tuesday .
the us food and drug administration issued a safety warning in may this year advising diabetics to be cautious with Avandia because scientists published a research report in the may 21 issue of the new England journal of medicine , saying that this best - selling drug would greatly increase the incidence of heart disease and mortality among patients .
Avandia &apos;s safety is therefore closely watched by doctors and patients .
statistics show that within about a month after the safety warning was issued , the us drug administration received 357 reports of adverse reactions caused by vendia , 38 of which were death reports .
in january and february this year , the FDA received only 50 and 73 reports of adverse reactions respectively .
these adverse reactions ranged from blistering to sudden cardiac death .
however , drug experts from the us drug administration believe that it is too early to conclude that Avandia is unsafe .
the FDA will hold a hearing on the safety of Avandia on july 30 .
Avandia was introduced in 1999 as an insulin sensitizer for type ii diabetes mellitus .
about 6 million diabetics around the world have taken or are taking Avandia .
Avandia 's producer , britain 's GlaxoSmithKline , has always believed that Avandia is safe and that the advantages to patients outweigh the disadvantages .
US wants to restart middle east peace talks
US president bush made a speech in washington on 16 july , calling for an international conference on the palestinian - Israeli issue to be held this autumn , inviting Israel , palestine , some neighboring arab countries , and other relevant countries to participate in the conference , so as to jointly promote the restart of the middle east peace process .
on 17 july , bush separately called Egyptian president mubarak , king Abdullah ii of Jordan , and king Abdullah of Saudi arabia , demanding that they actively respond to the proposal , support palestinian national authority president Abbas with concrete actions , and help palestine and Israel resume peace talks at an early date .
Abbas says PLO central committee to discuss early palestinian general elections
Palestinian national authority president Mahmoud Abbas said in Ramallah on the 18 th that the two - day meeting of the central committee of the palestinian liberation organization ( PLO ) opened on the same day to discuss the early holding of elections for the palestinian national authority and the legislative council .
on the same day , Abbas met with eu high representative for foreign affairs and security Solana at the presidential palace in Ramallah . at a joint news conference that followed , Abbas said that if the PLO central committee makes a relevant decision , the chairman will have the right to issue an order that is legal and effective , and such an order will be issued very soon .
meanwhile , Abbas was satisfied with the relations between the palestinian national authority and the eu .
he said : Pakistan welcomes the eu 's understanding of the measures taken by the palestinian presidential palace .
Abbas urged the European Union to continue to provide humanitarian assistance to the Palestinian people in Gaza .
Solana reiterated the eu 's support for Abbas and the palestinian people .
he said : the four parties concerned with the middle east issue ( the united nations , the european union , the united states , and russia ) will hold a meeting on 19 july to discuss the issue of restarting the middle east peace process . some proposals may be put forward in the next few days .
Solana said that the eu has a positive attitude toward the deployment of an international force in gaza , but that discussions with other parties , especially the united nations , are still needed .
( by reporter Zhiqiang wang )
Jiangxi to present awards to health professionals who have taken root in rural areas for 30 years
for a long time , a large number of health professionals and technicians have taken root in the rural areas and have worked hard and spent their youth in the grass - roots health undertakings and the health of the peasant masses .
Jiangxi province recently decided to award an honorary prize of 30 years ' work in rural sanitation to health professionals who have taken root in rural areas for more than 30 years .
according to a briefing given by the Jiangxi provincial health department , health professionals and technicians who have engaged in health professional and technical work in township and town health centers run by the government , who have a medical education or higher and a technical title of health professional or higher at the primary level , and who have worked in township and town health centers , township blood prevention teams , and leprosy villages for more than 30 years on the job , will all be awarded prizes .
the final time for the confirmation of the first batch is the end of july .
with regard to qualified rural health personnel , Jiangxi province will not only issue honorary certificates and medals for 30 years ' work in rural health work , but will also give priority to and give appropriate preference to examination , assessment , and appointment of professional titles .
a separate qualification line will be drawn for the professional examination of senior professional titles , the assessment will be based on actual work ability , the requirements for scientific research and thesis will be appropriately relaxed , and foreign languages will be exempted from the examination , and priority will be given to appointment once qualifications are obtained .
the Jiangxi provincial health department will also arrange a certain number of vacations and recuperations each year and provide a certain amount of financial assistance .
starting from this year , Jiangxi province will carry out the recommendation and confirmation of the honorary prize of 30 years ' work in rural sanitation every two years .
( by reporter Mei - Kuen li )
US defense department reconsiders plans to reduce us troops in europe
due to the iraq war and changes in the world situation , the us defense department is reconsidering its plan to cut the number of us troops in europe by about half , a us defense department official said on the 23 rd .
the us media quoted a defense department official as saying that since the iraq war is still going on and us relations with russia and iran have deteriorated , the defense department leadership has questioned the feasibility of the plan to reduce the number of european troops stationed .
in 2002 , then defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld announced that the united states would reduce the number of troops stationed in europe from 113,000 to 71,000 by 2012 in order to build a new type of army that is small and capable .
at present , the total number of us troops stationed in europe has dropped to 100,000 .
however , in june this year , Craddock , commander of the us european command , submitted a report to current defense secretary gates , questioning the above - mentioned reduction plan .
the report said that while the us troops stationed in europe were reducing their strength , many troops were transferred to iraq and afghanistan in turn , leaving the us troops stationed in europe short of personnel and unable to carry out normal cooperation with its european allies .
the report recommends stopping the planned reduction of us troops in europe .
relevant us experts believe that the above phenomenon shows that the prolonged delay in the iraq war has disrupted the original adjustment plan of the us military .
( reporter yang qingchuan and pan yunzhao )
Shandong Jiaozhou Launches Operation to Send Traffic Safety Movies to Community Construction Sites
Qingdao , july 26 ( reporter song xuechun , correspondent fan zhongliang )
from 20 july to 10 august ( every Monday , Wednesday , and august ) , the Shandong Jiaozhou city traffic police brigade carried out activities in the city people 's square , jialejia square , sanlihe square , shinan district , ligezhuang square , jiaobei town , Kowloon town , jiaodong town , and fuan industrial park to send traffic safety films to communities ( villages ) and work sites .
before the opening of the film , the traffic police brigade distributed to the public the publication " staying away from traffic accidents and protecting lives -- a letter to the broad masses of citizens " and some propaganda materials , and broadcast the special traffic films " warning of traffic accidents on life " and " on the way to school . "
the tragic scenes in the film caused people to marvel one after another , and bloody scenes played an extremely warning role .
in particular , the special feature film " on the way to school " , in the form of cartoons , made primary school students easy to understand and love to watch , and received a profound education .
the film attracted more than 3,000 residents from around the square , especially some young people and migrant workers who came to jiaozhou to work . they all sat in the middle of the square and watched it with relish .
by sending traffic safety films to communities ( villages ) and construction sites , the broad masses of citizens , while enjoying the cool air , also received profound traffic safety education , and were warmly welcomed by the citizens , especially the new citizens .
Ministry of health : nationwide catering industry to gradually implement hygiene supervision and publicity system
in order to better implement the " food hygiene law " and the state council 's " decision on further strengthening food safety work , " the ministry of health has carried out experiments in 10 localities , including Haidian district of beijing municipality , Tianjin municipality , Taizhou city and jiangyan city of Jiangsu province , Hangzhou city of Zhejiang province , Luoyang city of Henan province , Wuhan city of Hubei province , Haikou city , Sanya city of Hainan province , and Chengdu city of Sichuan province , to publicize the hygiene supervision of catering units .
this system will also be gradually extended to the whole country .
on the basis of routine hygiene supervision , the food and beverage industry hygiene supervision and publicity system carries out on - the - spot supervision and inspection of nine important hygiene conditions in food and beverage units , such as hygiene permits , hygiene management system , health management personnel , labels of food quality and labels , hygiene protection during the food processing process , environmental hygiene in processing plants , cleaning and disinfection of food and beverage utensils , and purchase of major raw materials . based on the inspection results , the assessment conclusion is drawn that the hygienic condition of the beverage is good , the hygienic condition of the beverage is generally good , and the hygienic condition of the beverage is relatively poor .
according to reports , the public form will follow the uniform colors and styles prescribed by the ministry of health . it will include the results of on - the - spot inspections of nine hygiene conditions , comprehensive evaluation conclusions , on - the - spot hygiene supervision opinions and the names of the agencies responsible for supervision , as well as customer complaint reporting telephone numbers . it will also be displayed in the foyer of the inspected catering unit or in the conspicuous location of the customer entrance so as to facilitate customers ' understanding of the hygiene conditions of the restaurant .
( reporter Hu Qifeng )
security council decides to extend un peacekeeping force in ethiopia
the united nations security council today unanimously approved a six - month extension of the mandate of the united nations peacekeeping force in ethiopia and Eritrea ( UNMEE ) until january 31 .
the resolution demanded that all parties concerned fulfil their commitments , exercise restraint , ease tensions , and refrain from provocative military activities , called on Eritrea to immediately withdraw its troops and heavy military equipment from the Temporary Security Zone , and called on Ethiopia to reduce the number of additional military troops recently deployed in areas adjacent to the Temporary Security Zone .
it demanded that Ethiopia take immediate and concrete steps to enable the EEBC to demarcate the border expeditiously without preconditions ; and demanded that Eritrea lift without further delay or preconditions all restrictions on the movement and operations of UNMEE .
the resolution reiterated its full support for the work of the EEBC and welcomed its decision to hold a meeting with the two sides in new york on september 6 .
in 1998 , border clashes broke out between Eritrea and ethiopia , killing more than 70,000 people .
in june 2000 , the two sides signed a cease - fire agreement in Algiers , the capital of Algeria .
the united nations began deploying peacekeeping troops along the border between ethiopia and Eritrea in july 2001 to supervise the implementation of the ceasefire agreement between the two countries .
( by reporter wu Zhiqiang and wang xiangjiang )
opening ceremony of olympic national county basketball invitational competition
Xinhua news agency , Chengdu , june 30 ,
Xing coral and reporter tian yuan reported : in order to implement the spirit of the instructions of the CPC central committee on building a harmonious socialist society , to coordinate with the building of a new socialist countryside , to sing the theme of national fitness and the olympics , to enrich the cultural and sports life of the masses , and to welcome the olympics , the national county - level basketball invitational competition kicked off in shuangliu county , Chengdu , on 30 april .
the six - day event attracted 10 county - level men 's basketball teams from all over the country .
according to regulations , athletes participating in this competition must be amateurs and must be over 18 years old .
all professional and professional athletes registered at the Basketball Athletes Management Center of the State Sports Administration in 2006 / 07 are not allowed to enter the competition .
the competition adopts the newly approved " basketball rules " of the china basketball association . the competition is divided into two stages : preliminary and final .
the competition was sponsored by the basketball management center of the state general administration of sports , the china basketball association , and the china international sports tourism company .
in recent years , the cultural and sports undertakings in shuangliu county , which has a history of more than 2,000 years , have developed rapidly . shuangliu county has successively won a series of special awards , such as the national sports advanced county in guang and the national mass sports advanced unit in guang .
especially in the construction of new rural areas , shuangliu county has vigorously implemented the peasants ' physical fitness project , combining the construction of sports facilities with the beautification , greening , and brightening of rural areas , building sports stadiums in the rural areas and next to the peasants , allowing the sports service system to cover the rural areas , actively popularizing and developing physical fitness and competition activities with strong local characteristics , which are popular among the peasants , and which are easy to participate in , and improving and improving the peasants ' physical quality .
three main functions of modern military uniforms
the first is the recognition function .
an important symbol that distinguishes between the armed forces of different countries , different arms and services , and between the armed forces and the people .
although the military uniforms of more than 100 countries , large and small , have basically the same purpose , the uniforms of the armed forces of no two countries are identical .
the second is symbolic function .
to a certain extent , military uniforms are not only a reflection of a country 's spiritual outlook and national characteristics , but also a concentrated expression of a country 's military 's combat capability and military personnel 's accomplishment .
among the three major categories of military uniforms , namely , dresses , regular clothes , and training uniforms , there is nothing more capable of fully displaying national prestige and military prestige than straightforward and beautiful dresses .
the third is the protective function .
with the rapid development of new and high - tech weapons and equipment , improving the comprehensive protective performance of new - style training uniforms has enabled the uniforms to have a variety of functions , such as bulletproof , anti - detection , chemical , bacteriological , and radiation protection , as well as temperature , humidity , and air conditioning . this has become the most important issue in the development of military uniforms .
( Shi Wei )
party committee organs of a certain brigade dare to deal with thorny issues seriously
Xinhua news agency , Chengdu , july 3 ,
qu yumao and yang ruiyu reported : we were able to live in apartments thanks to the determination and courage of the party committee organs of the brigade to clean up houses .
today , more than a dozen cadres of a communications training brigade of the Chengdu military region relocated to apartments were all elated with joy . they were full of admiration and gratitude for the brigade 's party committee and the brigade 's work style of daring to deal with thorny problems rather than tough ones .
a few years ago , with the change of personnel , some of the family buildings of this brigade were occupied in violation of regulations , making it difficult for serving cadres to live in houses . officers and men had a rather strong opinion on this .
the brigade has also cleaned houses several times , all of which have remained unresolved due to various kinds of resistance , making this issue an old and difficult one .
as long as he dares to be serious and reasonable , there will be no problem that cannot be solved .
after the new party committee reached a consensus , the principal leaders personally came forward and began to thoroughly straighten out all the problems of illegal occupation of houses .
on the one hand , they moved with emotion and reason , hoping that relevant personnel would take the overall situation into consideration , and on the other hand , they explained clearly the relevant policies and regulations for military apartment houses , fund - raising houses , and economically applicable houses , thus demonstrating the party committee 's firm determination and principled stand .
with regard to some personnel who have housing elsewhere but are unwilling to withdraw from overoccupied housing , party committee organs promptly contacted their units and adopted corresponding measures to urge them to take the initiative to cooperate with the work of the troops .
after two months of meticulous work , all the residents in the barracks who violated regulations and overoccupied their houses moved out on schedule , and all the serving cadres of the brigade were given housing according to regulations .
the brigade 's party committee 's style of daring to confront a tough situation has also produced a chain effect . several cadres who were unwilling to actively cooperate in the organization 's assignment have now successively indicated their obedience to the organization 's decision .
NPC chairman meets Bangladeshi air force chief of staff
Xinhua news agency , beijing , july 9 ,
reporter Zhang shun reports : Qiao qinchen , member of the central military commission and commander of the air force , met here today with chief of staff of the bangladesh air force , chio sung Rahman , and his entourage .
Qiao said that since china and bangladesh established diplomatic ties , bilateral relations have been developing smoothly , high - level exchanges have been frequent , and friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been constantly strengthened .
the two countries trust each other , support each other , help each other , and cooperate closely in international affairs and in the building of their respective countries .
the chinese side appreciates and thanks bangladesh for its support to china on the issues of Taiwan , human rights , and Tibet .
Qiao said that the chinese armed forces cherish developing friendly relations with the Bangladeshi armed forces , and hope that with the joint efforts of the two sides , the fields and levels of friendly cooperation between the two armed forces will be further expanded , friendly exchanges and cooperation between the air forces of the two countries will be strengthened , and the friendly cooperative relations established between the two armed forces will be raised to a new level .
Zio said : Bangladesh will make positive efforts to further develop friendly exchanges and cooperation between the armed forces of bangladesh and china , especially between the air forces of the two countries .
he reiterated that the bangladesh government will , as always , adhere to the one - china policy .
prior to the meeting , Qiao held a welcoming ceremony for zio 's visit .
Qiao arrived in beijing on july 8 for an official goodwill visit at Qiao 's invitation .
stylist of Type 07 Military Uniform Visits China Military Net
the troops of the whole army will change into type 07 military uniforms one after another starting from august 1 .
this evening , the china military network specially invited Chen jun , deputy director of the armament bureau of the general logistics department , su yang , senior engineer of the general logistics equipment research institute , and one of the designers of type 07 military uniforms of the general logistics department , to visit the china military network to talk freely with internet users inside and outside the military about the background of the birth of the new military uniforms and the development process , which evoked repercussions among internet users .
the two guests were direct participants in the design and development of model 07 military uniforms .
when talking about the changes in the new military uniforms , they said : the type 07 military uniforms have been designed on the basis of previous changes of uniforms , especially the type 97 military uniforms . as many as several hundred improvements have been made in the series , format , and style of military uniforms .
the greatest characteristic of the type 07 military uniform is that it embodies the requirements of serialization , functionalization , and humanization , so that for the first time our military uniforms meet the standards of coordination among the three armed services , complete variety , and a series of supporting systems , marking a historic leap in the level of military uniforms construction of our army .
the two guests also had extensive exchanges with netizens on such issues as the variety , style , size , and wear of the new military uniform .
the interview was jointly conducted by china military network , china.com , sina.com , and tome .
Jingjiang People &apos;s Armed Forces Department Establishes Platform to Improve the Quality of Specialized Military Cadres
on june 18 , at a training class for specialized military cadres in jingjiang city , Jiangsu province , lu yuqing , minister of armed forces of xilai town , gave a tutorial on " psychological warfare under informationization conditions , " which was unanimously praised by the participants .
this is a new change made by the city 's people 's armed forces department in light of the actual conditions of its posts and in its efforts to enhance the comprehensive quality of specialized military cadres .
at the beginning of this year , the party committee of the ministry of human resources and armed forces , while conducting investigations and studies at the grass - roots level , discovered that some specialized military cadres had long terms of office and held too many concurrent posts , and did not devote their main energies to the armed work .
to this end , they have adopted such methods as centralized training , acting on behalf of the congress , and relying on local party schools to train specialized military cadres on a regular basis , and have made efforts to solve the problems of limited knowledge and single professional quality among specialized military cadres .
in connection with the work of the center , it is necessary to boldly assign tasks and burdens to specialized military cadres , and enhance their ability to hold office through job training .
at the same time , they actively coordinated with local organizational departments and jointly formulated the " plan for the competitive recruitment of specialized military cadres , " explicitly stipulating that armed ministers must be promoted to the leading bodies of party committees at the same level and must no longer concurrently hold other posts .
a mechanism has been set up for the adjustment and exchange of specialized military cadres . for some older specialized military cadres who are not suited to the armed work at the grass - roots level , exchanges have been readjusted in a timely manner , and comrades with good overall quality and strong work ability have been promoted and used .
not long ago , Chen yisong , director of the armed forces department of the new century shipbuilding company , Ltd. , led a militia technical detachment to innovatively develop underwater ship welding technology to fill a domestic gap and was promoted to the armed forces department head of the company .
a good beginning and a good end .
judging from the results of the match alone , the score of 2 - 2 was reasonable and acceptable to the chinese team . the key is that the course of the match was somewhat regrettable .
if iran leads 2-0 and china equalizes the score , it will definitely give the chinese fans a different feeling and boost morale . unfortunately , the situation is just the opposite .
a good beginning does not lead to a good end , which can be said to be an old fault of the chinese team .
the chinese team often does not play football when the situation is extremely good , and the general view is that the psychological quality of chinese players is not perfect .
this is indeed one of the reasons why the chinese team could not come to a good end .
however , judging from today 's match of the chinese team , it does not seem quite so .
Sun jihai , sun xiang , Shao jiayi , zheng zhi , and others have played football in europe without mentioning that li weifeng and others are veterans who have been in the field for a long time . they have seen and understood a lot of things , and it is reasonable to say that their psychological quality will not be a problem .
the reason why the chinese team was regrettably tied by the Iranian team was probably due to the weak deployment of troops in the front line .
the scene immediately changed when the Iranian team replaced two men behind them .
the chinese team also changed three players in the second half , but the results were not good .
to overcome the problem that a good beginning cannot end well , we must find out the root cause of the problem .
as long as the problem is correctly identified , the solution to the problem is probably not difficult to find .
I &apos;m afraid of going to the hospital in a hurry .
if it goes on like this , the chinese team will play as many games as it can , and the old problems will continue , and it is impossible to talk about a further game that everyone is looking forward to playing .
the Ministry of Public Security awarded the Guangdong Border Guard Hospital the Second Class Merit of the Collective
Xinhua , Shenzhen , july 18 ,
Li Guoliang and Huang qi reported : over the years , while doing a good job in providing medical support to the troops , the Guangdong frontier defense corps hospital has spared no effort to help the masses in need and has nurtured the hearts of the people of all sides with love .
this morning , the ministry of public security held a grand ceremony in Shenzhen to celebrate the second - class collective commendation of the Guangdong frontier defense corps hospital and to report on the advanced deeds of supporting the government and cherishing the people .
in order to build social harmony , the Guangdong frontier defense corps hospital has set up three affordable hospitals in Shenzhen , namely , buji , longhua , and baoan , which are specially designed for migrant workers . migrant workers only need 1 yuan for registration , and the examination fee and operation fee can be reduced by 20 percent .
the hospital is specially equipped with a care service vehicle to transport peasant workers ' patients to hospital free of charge , and has also introduced the peasant workers ' health service card , which allows them to enjoy 12 basic medical examinations and guarantees for as little as 7 yuan per month .
this measure for the benefit of the people has benefited more than 12,000 peasant workers .
since 2003 , the hospital has also launched a large - scale voluntary consultation drive to light 1,000 lights and send ophthalmologists to Tibet , Jiangxi , Yunnan , Qinghai , and other places to see off light and healthy people . nearly 3,000 cataract surgeries have been performed free of charge , enabling patients to see the light again .
on august 1 st , the armed police force changed into style 07 clothes .
starting from august 1 , the armed police force will change into a series of 07 - style clothes .
today , this reporter saw from the ceremony and demonstration activities of the armed police force 's style 07 clothing that there are a total of 105 varieties of the new type 07 clothing , including dresses , regular clothes , training clothes , and logo clothing .
the color of the garments has been adjusted from the current olive green to dark olive green . the cuffs and side seams of the trousers all have decorative bands . the overall design has a strong sense of the times . in the setting of the size type , reference is made to the national clothing size standard .
the female officers and men 's big eaves were changed to rolled eaves , the police officers ' winter regular clothes were changed from the close - necked ones to the open - necked ones , the summer regular clothes were changed to a waist - girdle structure , and the spring and autumn regular clothes were changed to a hunting - style design .
the newly added nameplates , grade qualifications badges , national defense service badges and ribbons , as well as the redesigned cap badges , chest badges , necklaces , shoulder badges , and armbands , have enhanced the clothing identification function and enhanced the sense of beauty .
the style 07 uniform of the armed police will be changed in three years .
before 1 august 2007 , police officers , civilian cadres , and national flag escorts , military orchestras , and cultural troupes will be given dresses simultaneously with the whole army , and police officers , civilian cadres , and soldiers stationed in beijing will be given spring and autumn regular clothes , summer regular clothes , and logo clothing .
in may 2008 , soldiers and cadets of other units were given spring and autumn uniforms , summer uniforms , and logo clothing .
in october 2008 , police officers were given new winter clothes and overcoats .
in december 2009 , the soldiers were given new winter uniforms .
the training will be subject to gradual renewal with the seasons starting from 2008 .
a base of the Second Artillery Corps has begun operation in the Xiaosan , Yuan , Naoko Education Collaboration Area .
the phenomenon of small , scattered , remote , and directly administered units having difficult educational organization , few resources , and fighting their own battles will become history at a certain base of the second artillery corps .
this reporter recently learned that after half a year of experiments , the base has issued " procedures for implementing the ' outline for ideological and political education ' , " and a number of cooperative areas for ideological and political education covering all small , scattered , remote , and directly administered units of the base have officially been put into operation .
in order to promote the effective implementation of the " outline for ideological and political education , " the base organized forces at the beginning of the year to conduct in - depth investigations and studies on the current situation of ideological and political education in small , scattered , remote , and directly administered units , sorting out the key problems that affect and restrict the time , personnel , and results of education , and initially forming a new educational model of cooperative areas for small , scattered , remote , and directly administered units .
the specific practice in the cooperative areas is to break down the organizational boundaries of units , designate a brigade - and regiment - level unit to take the lead in the relatively concentrated areas of small , scattered , remote , and direct units , and carry out unified planning for thematic education , with units with different subordinate relationships attending lectures nearby on the same platform or using video systems for remote discussion .
we should adopt the method of combining rotational teaching with competitive appointment , uniformly deploy the educational force , uniformly use regional educational hardware , share and exchange information , data , and educational experiences of various units , and regularly organize regional typical tour reports and exchange and study experiences among officers and men .
full - time education focal points and part - time education information gathering officers have been established in each collaboration area .
on this basis , various cooperation areas have also established a system of asking for help with difficult problems , discussing major educational topics , and reporting and evaluating emergency ideological situations .
Zhang shengmin , director of the base 's political department , told reporters that the establishment of political education cooperation zones has not only reduced waste of educational resources , but also deepened educational results .
fearing losing points in front of officers and men of foreign units , some political teachers took the initiative to study new knowledge and explore new methods of education .
the officers and men who were educated also actively digested the contents of the education , fearing that they would make unfamiliar remarks in front of the officers and men of friendly and neighboring units during the discussion and analysis .
in this way , the enthusiasm of both educators and educatees is effectively aroused .
a repair brigade of the North Sea Fleet has allocated all the recuperation places to the soldiers .
on july 17 , under the leadership of Zhang weiliang , deputy chief engineer of a repair brigade of the north china sea fleet , 31 soldiers of the brigade who had been working on the repair line for a long time happily stepped on the train to Beidaihe for recuperation .
Luo xiangming , a class - six sergeant , happily told the writer : we are deeply moved by the care and care shown by the leaders of the tan brigade for the soldiers . when we return from the recuperation , we will certainly double our efforts !
this is the first time in this brigade that grass - roots soldiers have been organized to recuperate .
not long ago , commander Yao qingsheng went down to the grassroots level to see that some soldiers in charge of repair work braved high temperatures to carry out equipment maintenance work , and Yao qingsheng was deeply moved .
party committees should take care of soldiers and be responsible for their health . Yao qingsheng 's remarks at the tan party committee won everyone 's approval .
after studying the matter , the party committee made a decision to allocate all the sanitariums assigned by higher authorities to the brigade to the soldiers working on the first line of repair .
a certain unit of the Jinan military region has opened its affairs to the public , so it is not hot in the hot spots .
Shimbun news
Wang weiqin and special correspondent li deying reported : on 25 july , at a service company of a certain unit of the Jinan military region , this reporter saw a public notice board with important items such as the bidding for military projects , financial expenses , the promotion of cadres , and the entry of noncommissioned officers into the party , which was hanging conspicuously in the window .
according to political commissar su chengsen , this is a concrete measure taken by the ministry to promote the open system of handling affairs .
at the beginning of this year , the party committee of this unit , in order to strengthen the building of a sound party style and a clean government , formulated such measures as " two - way supervision of organs at the grass - roots level " and " publicity of sensitive issues , " and demanded that all major issues concerning the immediate interests of officers and men and the building of the unit be decided after listening to the opinions of officers and men at the grass - roots level , and that the work standards , procedures , and results be made public throughout the process according to circumstances .
the unit has set up suggestion boxes and public notice boards , set up message boards on the local area network , and extensively collected opinions and suggestions from everyone .
at the beginning of the year , before the renovation and transformation of the soldiers ' dormitory building began , party committee organs extensively solicited the opinions of officers and men , and then issued tender information and implemented open bidding .
this has not only saved money , but also won the support of officers and men .
the practice of handling affairs in an open and fair manner has spurred the formation of a good atmosphere at the grassroots level .
in this unit , grass - roots companies persist in regularly publicizing and publicizing and consciously accepting the masses ' supervision over everything from the determination of major and hot - spot sensitive matters to the daily expenses of personal family visits and vacations and food accounts .
( international ) study on association between atrial fibrillation and two genetic variations
Xinhua news agency , london , july 2 , Icelandic scientists found through research that the risk of developing atrial fibrillation is much higher in people with two genetic mutations in their bodies than in the general population .
according to a report in the latest issue of the journal Nature , researchers from the Icelandic decoder Genetics Company obtained the above findings after screening the genes of thousands of people from Iceland , Sweden , the United States , and Hong Kong , China .
the two genes were found to be similar to a gene that played an important role in the early stages of heart development .
atrial fibrillation , or atrial fibrillation , is one of the most common clinical arrhythmias that can cause palpitations , shortness of breath , fatigue , and stroke .
in addition , according to a report in the " nature genetics " magazine published on the 1 st , the researchers from Asahi decoding genetics company also found two genes related to the incidence of prostate cancer on human chromosome 17 . they played a certain role in more than one - third of prostate cancer cases .
the study also found that one of the genes not only increases the risk of prostate cancer but also lowers the risk of type ii diabetes .
( sports ) old U.S. goalkeeper Keller may retire after americas cup
Xinhua news agency , Maracaibo , Venezuela , july 3 ,
according to Venezuelan media reports on the 3 rd , the 37 - year - old us goalkeeper Keller said in an interview here that if he could not find a suitable club to play after the americas cup , he would choose to retire .
if i cannot get a contract of one to two seasons for a high - level league team four to six weeks after the conclusion of the americas cup , then retirement may be a good option for me .
with menshingrad Bach relegated to the second division , Keller also left the team , which he has played for more than two seasons .
although Keller has the heart to stop , he is obviously not worried about getting married , and he himself frankly said that up to eight teams are now interested in joining him .
however , this old goalkeeper , who has played in la Liga , the english premier league and the Bundesliga , said that his final choice will depend on his family . my child is nine years old . he has stayed with me in three different countries and attended three different schools . my choice now is to consider how it will be more beneficial to my family .
in the golden cup , which ended not long ago , keller played an outstanding role in helping the us team win the championship .
in this year 's americas cup , he was still entrusted with a heavy task by coach Bradley . however , he was unable to defeat four hands with one punch . the united states team , which played with the young guards in tajikistan , was not at all such a formidable opponent in south america as argentina and Paraguay . in two matches , he had seven holes through the gate he had guarded .
the next game against colombia is likely to be the final performance of the united states and Keller in this year 's americas cup .
( overseas China ) BlackBerry Smart Phone to Launch in China at the end of August
Xinhua news agency , Ottawa , july 4 , according to a report by canada 's " global post " on the 4th , after eight years of hard work , canada 's RIM company 's Blackberry smartphone has finally been approved to enter the chinese market . the first Blackberry cell phone will go on sale in china at the end of august .
RIM CEO Jim balsili said he would launch BlackBerry services to commercial customers in major cities such as beijing , Shanghai and Guangzhou .
the " global post " quoted a manager of the RIM beijing office as saying that the BlackBerry 8700 g smartphone will be launched in the china market by the end of august at a price of about $ 700 , and 5,000 orders have been received so far .
Balsili said the launch of apple 's iPhone last week has drawn more and more attention to smartphones . as a competitor to the iPhone , the BlackBerry has now been sold in more than 100 countries around the world .
according to statistics , in the first quarter of this year , RIM added 1.2 million new BlackBerry subscribers , bringing the total number of subscribers to 9.2 million .
( international ) spain : husband arrested for masked murder of wife
Xinhua news agency , madrid , july 7 , a masked bandit attacked a woman in spain . during the struggle , she pulled off the bandit 's mask and was surprised to find that the murderer was her husband . the police have arrested him .
the woman works in a bakery in Valencia , the local media reported today .
one day , a masked man broke into the shop and she thought it was a robber , so she told him to take the money out of the drawer .
but instead of taking the money , the man grabbed the woman by the neck and tried to kill her .
she tried to play dead to escape the bad luck , but the man still kept kicking her and strangling her .
in the struggle , the woman pulled off the gangster 's mask and was surprised to find that the man was her husband .
the murderer has been arrested by the police .
the victim told the media that she and her husband were going through divorce procedures because of their discord and they had two children .
13 pilots resign , china eastern Wuhan company claims more than 100 million yuan in counterclaims
Xinhua news agency , Wuhan , july 11 ,
thirteen pilots resigned , and the china eastern airlines Wuhan limited liability company issued a huge compensation bill amounting to 105 million us dollars . this is the largest labor dispute bill so far in Hubei province .
the Hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission is currently hearing the case .
in may this year , 13 pilots of the Wuhan company of the china eastern airlines successively submitted their resignations , which were rejected by the company .
subsequently , in early june , the pilot successively filed an application for labor arbitration with the Hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission , requesting an adjudication to terminate his labor relations with the Wuhan company of china eastern airlines .
after receiving the notice of response , the Wuhan company of china eastern airlines filed a counterclaim , demanding that 13 pilots pay them losses ranging from more than 6 million yuan to more than 10 million yuan , totalling 105 million yuan , resulting from the cancellation of the labor contract in violation of the labor contract agreement .
it has been learned that the pilots signed an indefinite labor contract with china eastern airlines . apart from the suspension or cancellation conditions stipulated in the labor contract , the validity of the labor contract will continue until the pilot 's legal retirement age .
the Hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission will hear the case both as an appeal and as a counterclaim , and the hearing is expected to be concluded before august 8 .
( international ) Germany Urges Russia to Pass Rafa-Russia Boundary Treaty ASAP
Xinhua news agency report of july 12th from Riga ( by staff reporter yang Dehong ) - visiting german foreign minister Steinmeier on july 12th called on the russian side to pass the border treaty with russia as soon as possible .
Steinmeier held talks with Latvian foreign minister Pabrix on the same day . the two sides mainly discussed issues such as rad relations and Latvian - eu cooperation , and exchanged views on the development of Latvian - russian relations and eu - russian relations .
at a news conference held after the talks , Steinmeier called on the russian side to pass the ROK - russian border treaty as soon as possible .
Steinmeier said that the pace of improvement of relations between latvia and the Baltic countries as a whole as well as russia has been relatively slow . the signing process of the border treaty between latin america and russia has witnessed the course of development of relations between latin america and russia . however , the shadow of history may also cause the relations between latin america and russia to regress once again . he hoped that the russian side will pass the border treaty between latin america and russia as soon as possible to promote the development of relations between the two countries .
on 27 march this year , after 10 years of negotiations , Latvian prime minister Karvids and russian prime minister Vladkov signed a treaty on the border between the two countries in Moscow .
on 17 may , the latin american parliament adopted the latin american - russian border treaty .
according to Latvian media reports , the russian parliament will soon vote on the treaty .
( international ) DPRK , ROK to hold sixth general - level talks
Xinhua news agency , Pyongyang , july 16 ,
military representatives of the democratic people 's republic of korea ( DPRK ) and the republic of korea ( ROK ) held routine contacts at Panmunjom on 16 july . the two sides agreed to hold the sixth general - level talks from 24 to 26 june .
according to a report by the Korean central news agency , DPRK military representative and senior colonel park Lim Soo of the Korean people 's army put forward a proposal for establishing a joint fishing zone between Yeonpyeong island and paekyong island in the western waters of the DPRK during that day 's contacts , and gave a detailed explanation of his reasons .
he said : to set up a joint fishing zone , it is necessary to implement the principles of maximizing the common prosperity of the nation and ensuring peaceful and stable fishing operations .
commenting on the issue of the maritime boundary between the two sides , park Lim - su said : in order to prevent military conflicts between the two sides in the western waters , the two sides should abandon the maritime boundary that they have adhered to so far , recognize and respect each other 's territorial rights , and take the relevant agreements between the DPRK and the ROK , the Korean armistice agreement , and internationally recognized laws as the basis for consultations .
he said : formulating military support measures in a timely manner to promote cooperation and exchanges between the DPRK and the ROK is the consistent stand of the DPRK military .
he said : at present , the ROK side should take military measures to ensure that DPRK civilian vessels can leave the port of Haeju directly and travel southwards and freely through the Cheju strait .
this is the second routine contact between the DPRK and ROK military talks held recently after 10 october .
the fifth general - level talks between the DPRK and the ROK were held from 8 to 11 may on the Korean side of Panmunjom .
( international ) Hyundai denies intention to acquire Volvo
Xinhua news agency , Seoul , july 18 , a spokesman for south korea 's Hyundai motor company said in Seoul on the 18th that the company has no intention of acquiring any brand owned by Volvo or Ford motor .
both the Sunday Times and the New York Times recently reported on Ford &apos;s possible sale of Volvo .
the Sunday Times even reported that Hyundai Motor Company of South Korea is a potential buyer of Volvo .
a spokesman for Hyundai motor company said : we are not interested in acquiring Volvo , jaguar , or land rover at all . at present , he is too busy implementing his own expansion plan to attend to him at all .
in 1999 , Ford paid 6.45 billion us dollars for the Volvo brand from sweden 's Volvo group .
Volvo , Land Rover and Jaguar are now part of Ford &apos;s Chief Automobile Group ( PAG ) .
Ford , which lost money in march this year , sold PAG 's Aston martin for $ 848 million , and last month it said it would consider selling land rovers and jaguars .
Cuba complains that boxing ropes are too short
Xinhua news agency , rio de Janeiro , july 21 st , by reporter weihua Chen and tong Leng
the Cuban delegation complained on the 21st that the short ropes in the boxing ring of the inter - american games would affect the boxers ' performance .
according to the rules of the international boxing federation , the rope length of the boxing ring in an international competition should be 6.1 meters . however , according to measurements by the coach of the boxing team of the Cuban delegation , pedro monteloc , the rope length of the boxing ring in this inter - american games is more than 1 meter shorter than the standard .
Roark said : " we have submitted an official protest because this incident does not affect a single country in Cuba , but involves everyone .
too short a rope can interfere with the boxers &apos; evasive movements .
he also joked that if he could not find a rope in rio that conforms to the olympic standards , he could look elsewhere .
if we had known , we would have brought it from Cuba .
delegations from Mexico and Colombia also expressed dissatisfaction with the length of the ring ropes on the same day .
although Colombian boxer Julio delbis won the first match , he said : " although i won the first match , the boxing ring was too narrow and i really felt uncomfortable . "
big White Rabbit Milk Sugar Restored for Export to Overseas Distributors Additional Order
Xinhua news agency report of july 24 from Shanghai ( by staff reporters Xu shousong and yu Lihong ) - reporters learned from the guanshengyuan ( group ) company , Ltd. that the big white rabbit milk candy , which once remained in Shanghai port , has recently resumed export , and many overseas distributors have also requested additional orders one after another .
Mr. Lin qingrong , a distributor of guansheng park in Singapore and a member of the funan company , recently telephoned the guansheng garden group , saying that since the results of sampling tests conducted by the Singapore agrifood and veterinary bureau showed that the rabbit milk candy was free of formaldehyde , it could be sold normally in the market , he requested an additional order .
Fengsheng , a Malaysian distributor of Guansheng park , said it asked Guansheng park to immediately ship a container of white rabbit milk candy from Shanghai to malaysia .
Kwan Sheng Yuen 's distributor , wu Fung trading company limited , also telephoned Kwan Sheng Yuen and said that the Hong kong food safety centre had taken milk sugar samples from the Hong kong supermarket and laboratory tests had confirmed that there was no formaldehyde in the samples .
Wu Fung trading co . , Ltd. has been informed by the china resources supermarket in Hong kong that it has decided to resume the sale of white rabbit milk candy in more than 100 stores in Hong kong .
it has been learned that 10 containers of white rabbit milk sugar , which were once stranded in Shanghai port , have been gradually resumed for export .
at present , seven containers of white rabbit milk candy are being shipped to countries such as Singapore , costa rica , malaysia , india , Nepal , and the united states .
( international ) suspect arrested for bomb threat in british supermarket
Xinhua news agency , london , july 26 , the british police announced on the 26th that the criminal suspect responsible for the bomb threat at the Antelope supermarket in britain in mid - july was arrested in Clithello , Lancaster county , on the 23rd .
police said Philip McHugh , 51 , unemployed , would be charged with blackmail and bomb scare .
on the afternoon of july 14 ( Saturday ) , police shut down 14 souvenir bazaar supermarkets across the uk because of bomb threats and did not resume business until the next day .
Saturday was the peak time for british people to go shopping in supermarkets , when the closure of 14 supermarkets cost the largest supermarket chain in britain millions of pounds in sales revenue .
the british police then launched a criminal investigation into the bomb threat and announced that there were no signs of terrorist activities in the incident , but there may be some economic motives behind it .
( sports ) Flowers Change Flowers for Beijing Olympic Games
Xinhua news agency report of july 28th from beijing ( by staff reporter cui junqiang ) - when next year 's olympic games are held , beijing is expected to become an ocean of flowers in hot and humid august .
through technical means such as changing the flowering period , researchers have found a good way to add color to the olympic games .
at the review meeting on the selection and application of new varieties of flowers for the summer olympics held in beijing on the 28th , the evaluation experts came to the conclusion that with the new technology of promoting controlled cultivation , different kinds or varieties of flowers in the natural flowering period can bloom at the same time in summer and achieve the best ornamental effect in august when the beijing olympics is held .
in summer in beijing , only a dozen kinds of flowers can usually be seen in full bloom , most of which are either dead or far from budding .
through their efforts , the researchers selected 206 varieties and more than 400 varieties of olympic flowers for the summer games .
at the 2007 olympic flower show held in beijing 's Haidian park , before and after the countdown to the first anniversary of the opening of the beijing olympic games , a group of flowers carefully cultivated by researchers who could not bloom naturally in august in the past will greet visitors with bright flowers .
( international ) turkey 's ruling party wins parliamentary election
Xinhua news agency report of july 30th from Ankara ( by staff reporter wang Jian ) - the final results of the 23rd parliamentary election announced by turkey 's supreme electoral council on july 30th showed that the ruling justice and development party won 341 of the 550 seats and once again won the right to form a cabinet with one party .
in the july 22 parliamentary elections , the main opposition party , the republican people 's party , won 112 seats .
the National Action Party won 71 seats in the elections .
in addition to the three political parties mentioned above , 26 non - party personages were elected to parliament .
Turkey 's new parliament will hold its first session on august 4 .
all members will take the oath of office and begin to perform their duties .
thereafter , the parliament will elect a new speaker by secret ballot .
the Turkish parliamentary election was originally scheduled to be held in november . however , in the presidential election at the end of april , the opposition party boycotted the only candidate , deputy prime minister and foreign minister Gul of the justice and development party , leading to the defeat of the presidential election , which brought the parliamentary election forward .
Central Discipline Inspection Commission , I &apos; m worried about the effectiveness of your = anti - corruption campaign
Tseng Koo - Chun sent a short message to Tseng Tseng - tsung at the 2007 - 07 - 02 14 : 41 Tseng Tseng - tseng
since 30 may , the central discipline inspection commission has given corrupt elements in all parts of the country a time limit of one month , that is , until 30 june , within which they must take the initiative to confess .
I , the grass - roots people , could not help but burst into laughter at this , the police caught the thief , told the thief a month in advance , and hurriedly came to confess on their own initiative , otherwise they would have arrested you , and where in the world is there such an anti - corruption force ?
isn &apos;t this tantamount to telling corrupt officials in advance to run away and quickly transfer the evidence of their crimes ? ? ?
what &apos;s the point ?
isn &apos;t that ... Hey , it &apos;s impossible to say .
anyway , even if it really works , what is the effect ?
can we curb and deter corrupt officials ?
we do not rule out that those who have the guts to do so will come forward to confess , but will they not run more ?
not to mention whether the central discipline inspection commission 's anti - corruption work has reached its deadline and achieved remarkable results , i am afraid it has played an additional role .
that is , corrupt officials in all localities have fully understood , rejoiced in themselves , and will thank the central discipline inspection commission .
in one month 's time , hurriedly transferring funds and money is enough time .
if i were a corrupt official , i would definitely think so , and i would never go to your place to voluntarily declare .
corrupt officials always behave like this when they are thankful : Haha , thank you ...
the common people are really perplexed . what on earth is wrong with this anti - corruption campaign ? why is it so difficult to act swiftly and decisively ?
what role will such anti - corruption play ?
in short , the central discipline inspection commission , i 'm worried about the effectiveness of your anti - corruption plan .
the bottom line of my peace of mind is not to privatize the land .
Tseng tsung - du , a Buddhist nun , sent a short message to tseng tseng tseng - tseng tseng - tseng - tseng on 2007 - 07 - 02 10 Tseng 34 Tseng - 39
the bottom line of my peace of mind is not to privatize the land .
I think i 'm a person who doesn't get angry easily , at least my own feelings are like this .
it has always been reasonable and peaceful to speak at the forum , and it is rare to lose one 's reason and make nonsense .
I have always maintained a high degree of confidence in and ardent expectations of the party central committee . no matter how incompatible the reform measures are with my concept , i can accept them as one of the characteristics of guinea pig .
but once land is privatized ( or privatized in disguise ) , all of this will lose its basis .
it is better to lose thousands of troops than to lose an inch of land . land and resources are the biggest social resources .
the working people and the land and resources are the foundation of a country .
as long as the nature of land and resources remains unchanged , the nature of this country will be very difficult to change . once the nature of land and resources changes , then basically everything will change .
I am not a communist , but i clearly remember that i once vowed to love the motherland and the people , to study hard , to train well , and to be ready : to contribute my strength to the communist cause !
he studied hard , worked hard , endured hardships first , enjoyed later , and struggled for the communist cause !
like me , the people who swore this oath and sang loudly that we were successors to socialism , if they were not shameless enough , should remember their oath .
if you have already betrayed your own oath , please stand up frankly and walk away from the bangladesh , and do not deceive the masses with this signboard while pondering how to sell this signboard at a good price .
of course , may all this worry be superfluous , and may I always be rational and calm .
remember , we are the successors to socialism .
what if there is no shift to take over ?
the feelings of one generation and two eras
some time ago , it was suggested ; does a 30 - year - old have hair ?
later changed to 20 .
in fact , people in this age group have never experienced Mao Zedong 's era at all , and it is not known whether the person who raised this question was suffering from brain watering or congenital brain dementia .
in cities , the people who have the most say in Mao Zedong 's era should be those who experienced that era , those who suffered from what era , that is to say , those who were born between 1950 and 1960 .
after they were born , their parents took part in sports and did not give their children relative love .
when they needed nutrition , they caught up with three years of natural disasters and suffered from hunger .
when they began to go to school , they encountered the great cultural revolution and abandoned their studies for several years .
some of them have even completed their studies for the rest of their lives . before they have completed their studies , they are forced to give up their studies , answer the call of the party , go to the countryside , and support the border areas .
after working , they believe that the working class is the most honorable and voluntarily chooses the dirtiest and most tiring jobs .
I was honored for a while and lost my life .
when they got married , they married late and had only one child and they started again .
they should be paid a higher salary , enterprises talk about diplomas , but they cannot grow without diplomas .
they have worked hard to raise their children to complete their basic education , their children have been admitted to university , and they have caught up with the double frost of reforming the educational system , the double frost of reforming state - owned enterprises , and tuition fees have risen , and they have been laid off .
as they grew older , they began to get sick . unfortunately , they caught up with the reform of the medical system . as a result , their sick bodies could not afford medical treatment because they could not afford it .
it can be seen that the injustice of the whole society has been relentlessly brought down on their generation .
however , among these people , there were few who opposed Mao Zedong and attacked Mao Zedong .
why is that ?
they are not the slaves of Mao Zedong , they are flesh and blood , and they truly live in our social group of people , and they face the social phenomena of the two eras squarely in the history of their personal experience from going to the mountains and the countryside to being laid off and unemployed .
although they have a lot of dissatisfaction , even hatred , with Mao Zedong 's desolation of studies , inadequate food and clothing , and some unhealthy phenomena in society , they still think Mao Zedong 's era is better in terms of national spirit , ethics , and social atmosphere .
some netizens ' parents are of this generation , and you can chat with them .
author : 3 ft 3 2005 - 6 - 23 19 min 16
the Cancer Banana Bazaar and the Bazaar Bazaar Bazaar Injection
I remember the news the year before last that Hainan watermelons had been injected with chemicals by syringes , resulting in a large number of Hainan watermelons rotting in the fields and a large number of farmers losing their lives .
CCTV later made a follow - up report , but the result confirmed that there was no such thing at all .
this report was bizarre from the beginning , because injecting a large watermelon with a syringe is not only of no practical significance , it is also impossible in terms of workload .
last year , the memory was even clearer . according to media reports , banana trees in Hainan suffered from a disease similar to human cancer , and the diseased banana trees were bound to die .
as a result , it was misunderstood by many people that bananas would cause cancer . the result was the same . the banana prices in Hainan fell sharply , causing banana farmers to cry their eyes out and cry bitterly .
the reason why these two reports have produced a sensation is because they have directly touched the most sensitive root of people 's nerves , that is , the issue of food safety .
if the media say that certain foods will endanger health , then they will certainly spread the word from person to person . as far as the targets involved are concerned , people generally adopt an attitude of preferring to believe that they exist rather than to believe that they do not exist . for a person , it is not a great thing to eat a few Hainan watermelons and bananas less . however , for those who produce and sell these products , the impact will be great .
not long ago , there was another explosion in beijing about food safety , that is , because of the increase in pork prices , some people actually used carton boxes to make stuffing to produce stuffed buns , that is , carton stuffed buns .
I was also deeply shocked when i heard this , and felt that this little dealer was so capable of studying that he was able to come up with such a trick , and subsequently spread the news widely , warning his family and friends not to buy steamed stuffed bun any more on the street .
however , there was a sudden news report yesterday that the carton steamed stuffed buns report was a fake news story , and the whole thing was fabricated by one person . so while he was relieved , he also wondered what happened to the media today .
what i have learned from reliable sources is that the temporary staff of the " transparency " column of the beijing television station 's life channel accused a certain person of bringing his own meat fillings , flour , and cartons purchased from the market , and instructed wei and others to soak the cartons in water and mix them with meat fillings to make steamed buns .
Zi filmed the production process with his own home DV machine , and then edited it and broadcast it by deception .
at present , public security organs have already detained criminal suspects in accordance with the law and will seriously deal with them in accordance with the law .
after the steamed stuffed bun incident , the government promptly organized relevant departments to conduct an investigation and carried out an all - round and thorough inspection of the beijing breakfast market to ensure the safety of the common people 's dining tables .
after the incident was confirmed , the beijing television station publicly apologized to the society , profoundly learned a lesson , seriously investigated and punished those responsible , and will further strengthen management , plug loopholes , and resolutely put an end to false and untrue news reports .
however , although the carton stuffed buns are completely out of the question , it is still unknown when people will dare to go to the stall to buy stuffed buns again with confidence .
this incident also reflects the importance attached by the government to the food safety issue and the swift action taken by the government . to a certain extent , it also shows that the dining tables of the ordinary people in beijing are still relatively safe . the bun incident caused a false alarm , and it also serves as a wake - up call for everyone !
who should be responsible for education ?
recently , listening to friends in China talking about a school experience , I can not help but feel .
it happened at Southwest Weiyu Middle School , a private middle school in Shanghai .
the school has decided to assign the best teachers to three classes that have signed up from junior middle school to senior high school , while a few young teachers who have no senior three teaching experience and have not performed well in the past will be allowed to bring several other classes that have entered or not signed up for admission to the school from other schools .
the reason is : the students who signed the contract agreed to give up the examination of other high schools at that time , so the school should guarantee them the best teachers according to the agreement .
as for the students in several other classes , the school 's attitude is to give young teachers the opportunity to exercise .
this makes me sigh with emotion : who is responsible for education ?
I remember many years ago , when i was attending a key high school , my classmates were dissatisfied with the teaching level of a math teacher , no matter how high or high it was , they collectively signed a request for the school to replace the teacher .
later , the school really changed our teachers , because the school promised us that we would treat every student equally and be responsible to every student .
ten years ago , he came to the united states to study as a graduate student .
one summer when i took the next semester 's course , i found that all the elective courses in the department were theoretical and some applied courses were not arranged at all .
I went to talk to the dean and told him that I thought there was something wrong with the curriculum .
the dean admitted that the lack of applied courses was due to the shortage of teaching staff , which would be available in a year or two .
I remember saying to him at that time : this is your problem , not mine .
I came all the way from Shanghai to your school because I was attracted by your introduction .
if you can &apos;t afford to run these courses , don &apos;t put them on the introduction , otherwise it &apos;s a false advertisement and irresponsible to me and my family .
the dean listened to me and thought , I &apos;ll see what I can do .
it may be too late because all the courses are already scheduled for registration online .
after three weeks , the dean talked to me to the effect that his job was to be responsible to every student , including me .
he listened to my advice and did his best to add two applied electives , which i hope i can understand .
after this incident , I took several classes from the dean of the department .
he never prejudiced against me because I gave him advice , and gave me A &apos;s fairly in every subject .
on the eve of graduation , i heard from his secretary that he did his best for every student , but not every student was grateful to him .
speaking as a representative of honorary students at the graduation ceremony , i told the dean : each of us is grateful to him from the bottom of our hearts for what he has done for us , because he has done his best to be responsible for each of us .
I feel like I made the right choice to go to school here .
speaking of this , i see a faint tear in the eyes of the dean of the department . if one day every chinese educational worker and the entire educational system can be held accountable to every student , i think the day will not be far off when china will really take off .
Central NYMen 4 s Volleyball Tournament
last Sunday we played in the men 's four - man volleyball match in central new york for six and a half hours , and our team finally won the championship .
the competition is actually a training competition organized in preparation for a volleyball match at the New York State Summer Games .
the coach broke up four men 's teams ( the high school team , the college team , the team over 35 , and the team over 45 ) in central new york and reorganized them into a four - man team , each equipped with a two - pass .
the rules of the game are very interesting . you can only attack in the back row , you can not drop the ball within the three - meter line , you can only block the ball with two passes and one person without changing positions .
so basically it is to test the strength of the strong attack and the defensive judgment card position .
our team had a 2 - meter receiver , and the offense was both strong and high . he handled more than 60 percent of the offense and score for the whole game . a 1 - meter - 85 two - pass was blocked by a single player .
a one - meter - 90 secondary attack , due to being in the back row , made a lot of offensive mistakes .
in addition , i , the 1.75 meter main attack , sometimes sneak attack , the success rate is quite good , the main receiver is the other side 's slant spike .
there were seven teams , first in the round robin , and after our team won one game , the referee repeatedly ordered us to step on the line in response to the attack , which greatly affected our morale and caused us to lose three games in a row .
however , after losing the game , everyone 's psychology calmed down and cooperation reached stability in the three games , so they began to win in succession .
at the end of the round - robin , our team won three games and lost three games .
in addition to the first team , the second - to - seventh team will play the knockout match .
our team is psychologically and tactically stable , that is , playing hard and eating hard , leading the team all the way to the semifinals .
the semi - final opponent attacked the strong and defended the weak and hit my arm black and blue , but once i picked up a heavy clasp , i was twice as happy as if i had succeeded in clasping a ball myself .
I don &apos;t know what the final score was .
the opponents in the final were in a balance of attack and defense , and our side had a lot of serve breakers , leading all the way .
at the last 21 : 24 , our side held the match point , and the other side even asked me to take off with two shots . at 23 : 24 , our team 's receiver came up to me and said , " it 's okay , it 's just two balls . "
the next ball came at me again , luckily i caught it well , passed it back to the receiver , and hit a heavy button to settle the battle .
tell me more about morality .
a lot has been said about morality for the scattered free individual .
I have nothing more to say in this regard .
now what I want to say is about the group .
sometimes we run into situations where we need to work together .
on these occasions , it is necessary for a collective to have certain morals .
we often find some good morals in groups that have been successful .
this is not accidental .
because as far as these causes or activities are concerned , it is necessary to overcome certain immediate difficulties , unite as one , and get rid of those factors based on belief , i think it is also those good morals that have played a role that cannot be ignored .
at the very least , it is very difficult for a group of people with very low moral standards to work together to achieve great success , and this can be predicted with great confidence .
this may be because the wisdom to see long - term interests through a rational long - term perspective is a necessary quality for a collective success .
in fact , collectives often acquire IDENTITY in various ways , such as logo , jargon , belief , and so on , as well as morality .
only in the morning brandy , in the evening brandy , the road to life can orchid everywhere .
( discussion ) how many times have you been truly happy to have lived to this day ?
my high school friend finally got a visa and was able to leave at the end of august to study for graduate school in the west coast of the united states .
today , when several students gathered together , they were really happy for her and finally got what they wanted .
seeing her so happy , i really envy her .
when i think about growing up , i was only so happy when i got into high school , i never thought that i would be able to get into one of the best schools in the city , and then , naturally , i would go to college and work , and in the meantime i would never be so happy again .
the university entrance examination was not the one i had hoped for before , so i was not very happy to talk about it .
during my college years , my only sustenance was to go to the north after graduation and meet my GG , which i had been in love with for two years .
however , fate played tricks on me . a month before i graduated , he broke up with me , and all my previous fantasies vanished .
after that , i went back to work in the north , and today , i have been working for almost two years , earning money from a medium - sized car , but i have never been so happy again .
today , when i chatted with my friend , i could very well feel her happiness , trembling with fear , and after a year of painstaking preparation , i finally went abroad smoothly to start a new life . the feeling that my dream has come true is really very happy .
I did not plan to continue studying and did not like life abroad , because after working abroad for half a year , i found that life abroad was not suitable for me .
see the happiness of good friends , I can not help but think , my pursuit ?
what can make me so happy again ?
maybe i want to find someone who really likes me and is willing to go with me for the rest of my life .
I think at that time , i would cry excitedly , just as my good friend told me that when she passed the embassy interview and got the customs clearance , she could not help crying , and after a year of hard work and worry , she finally got something in return .
and me ?
emotionally , i trembled again and again and worked with my heart . when will i be able to fulfill my wish and cry happily ?
perhaps it is not promising , I always do not worry about their own career , just feelings ?
when will my feelings come to an end ?
I am always sad about this problem .
Ladies and gentlemen , what about you ?
how many times have you lived to be truly happy ?
publicity for the School of Architecture , CUHK
heHe , it also counts as introducing the architecture college to the alumni of the university .
the most up - to - date first - hand information plus my own personal feelings is as good as new .
President wang , secretary an , teacher li of the personnel department , and several other teachers of the building technology science and technology teaching and research office attended the lecture , and i talked for an hour , and then everyone talked for another hour and a half .
after the official report was finished , teacher Zhang ( assistant to the dean ) pulled me aside and told me to go to the back office and close the door to talk .
he was very amiable and closed the door to tell me that he had something to say at the formal meeting . he said he could see that i did not have a bottom line about my future income , so he told me some specific information about the income of the teachers of the architecture college to reassure me .
before the report , president wang gave an overview of the architecture institute , saying that there are only six key disciplines in the national architecture category , including two at Dongda university , two at Qinghua university , one at Tongji university , and one at Tianda university .
he said : in recent years , the state has paid special attention to building energy efficiency , green building , and building technology science , and the university wants to introduce a teacher in this field .
he said they had received more than 20 applications for resumes in that direction , from china , japan , and the united states .
the architecture institute attaches great importance to this , and has also made a serious study of these candidates .
compared with the architectural colleges of some other colleges and universities i know , the university is indeed in the lead , and Tongji 's urban planning should surpass the university 's by one notch . however , judging from the direction of architectural design , it seems that the university can still slightly take the lead ( which i did not expect before ) .
President wang said : in the past two years , the institute of architecture has had sufficient funds for scientific research , and it belongs to the state 's 985 key project construction institute .
he told me that last year , the above - mentioned one - off allocation of 10 million yuan for the construction of the Dongda building , of which 3.5 million yuan was directly used to buy books to enrich the specialized library of the architectural college ( ha ha , i would like to praise this , big hand !
) The rest was used almost entirely to purchase experimental equipment in my professional direction .
it is said that a few academicians are quite critical .
Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh . by - heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh .
there is an experimental system for measuring the airtightness of indoor rooms , which is very common in the united states . it is estimated that $ 500 will certainly be won , and as a result , Dongda spent 50,000 yuan ! !
in other cases , many faculties and departments of the university have now moved to the new campus of jiulonghu . however , the school of architecture is determined to stay behind , saying that it wants students to have a good architectural atmosphere . there are some classic buildings in the old campus that can be seen , and there is nothing in the new campus .
Heh heh heh heh . it seems that because other departments have moved away , the architecture institute has also asked for another building to come down .
so president wang came straight to the point and told me that he could give me a separate office in the future .
I am very sorry , when president wang said this , i did not feel anything at all .
later , teacher Zhang pulled me aside and told me that it was not easy because the office space was so tight that some old professors did not have separate offices .
this has made me very uneasy , and i do n't seem to know much about the national situation .
in short , i had a very pleasant trip to the university , and i was very impressed by the dedication and enthusiasm shown by the leaders of the school of architecture of the university and the relevant teachers .
I wish the University every success and the School of Architecture will continue to take the lead !
the Qinhuai River in the shadow of oars and lanterns
there is no feast that never ends
two weeks ago , he had lunch with his colleagues to bid farewell to his former boss .
this boss is a heroine among women . she is very good to our people . we are also willing to work for her , even working overtime at night and on weekends . this is not common in the united states . she is also the best boss i have ever worked for .
because she had to take care of her family and had more time to educate her children , she left the company and opened a remedial math class for primary and secondary school students .
I believe she will succeed in whatever she does !
Stefanie Suen delivers care in africa : stones scratched in sandstorm ( set of pictures )
take care of sick children .
show off the rat muscles .
after the congo , Stefanie went to Niger , africa , for the second time with the world outlook conference .
at yesterday 's press conference , she admitted that it was the most exhausting trip ever .
it was a hot day , the drinking water was muddy , people threw stones in protest when visiting the bazaar , and even the camels were scratched by camel seats .
a lot of things happened along the way , let her several times in the heart shouted : I want to go home !
I was surprised to see that my little friend was malnourished .
for the third consecutive year , she has participated in the world expo for the care of poor children , and she claims to be a veteran spokesperson .
she brought 30 bottles of vitamins , 40 flashlights and 500 sweets to share with the local children .
she said that experience accumulated many times , no matter how many small gifts were not enough .
the most serious problem in Niger is that the mother is completely ignorant of the child - rearing problem and the child has a serious nutritional problem .
during an eight - hour hitchhike from Niger 's capital to the small town of Tawa , 500 kilometers away , Stefanie sun experienced a rare sandstorm there .
the wind and sand carried rain with them , and the whole sky changed color .
the jeep swayed even more with the wind .
looking back at that time , Stefanie sun said with lingering fear that although she was in the car , she was very scared .
she was later relieved to hear locals explain that dust storms were a symbol of good luck and brought rain to the land .
with the local population .
it hurts , Mom . there &apos;s something wrong with it .
when they arrived in Tawa , local officials held a welcoming ceremony for the unimodal camels and invited Stefanie to ride on the camels to receive cheers from the locals .
however , the camel , terrified by the flash , was completely uncontrollable and nearly dropped Stefanie sun to the ground .
eventually , Stefanie jumped off herself , but her clothes were torn by the cushion and she scratched her back , leaving a small blood mark of about 8 centimeters long .
during the visit , ms suen visited four seriously malnourished children , one of whom was a 4 - month - old baby weighing only 2.1 kilograms and totally different from a human being .
she said : Tan is very sad to see him . his condition is really too exaggerated . however , it should also be the mother 's problem . they should be taught correct nutrition concepts .
the Key to Education in China : humanization
key Words : the Key to Chinese Education The Key to Humanizing Chinese Education
the purpose of education is to make it easier for the educated to live and enjoy in the existing social environment .
it is easy for all of us to understand this , but for all of us who live in a house like this , perhaps we can only simply understand it as having fun in a house like this . in fact , there are many categories of people who live in a house like this .
survival consists of increased physical strength and increased mental capacity
enhancement of physical strength -- through various kinds of physical activities , we should strengthen our physical strength , enhance coordination , continuously enhance our athletic ability , and meet the sufficient needs of our physical operation and the needs of dealing with the society .
2 ) the enhancement of brain power enables us to have a clearer understanding of the society in which we live , to know ourselves , to learn how to deal with others , and to acquire the ability to adapt to survival and experience enjoyment .
the above discussion on the purpose of education has little to do with this article . now let 's focus on the key point : humanization of education in china .
the essence of human nature is : we should fully understand the differences between individuals and not regard them as the same .
Club Original : several Common Stages of Learning from Buffett
Club originals : several common stages of learning from Buffett : I was walking
1 ) stage one : when we first get to know Buffett , if we feel that we have acquired the greatest treasure , we will immediately apply it to practice . however , at this time , we do not have a deep and thorough understanding of Buffett 's ideas , and we will often misuse many of them , misuse them , and misuse them indiscriminately , so sometimes the results will not be effective .
2 ) the second stage : after a period of study and practice , almost every intelligent person in Hong kong is considering several questions : for example , what should Buffett with chinese characteristics look like ?
should Buffett 's theory be used flexibly in china ?
can you do better than Buffett ?
therefore , at this stage , we mainly look for Buffett 's theory with chinese characteristics on the basis that we think we are and blindly think we are great .
after a period of practice , the results are often intermittent and unsustainable . if you are lucky , it is best to take some losses and turn back at an early date .
3 ) the third stage : after going back to Buffett , after several tortures , he finally realized that he was an ordinary person and not a genius .
we should be a little less demanding of ourselves , and it is completely enough to honestly learn from Buffett .
the simplest method is the most effective , but the simplest method often contains very deep principles , and only after we understand these principles can we better carry them through to the end .
the performance of this stage is that the short - term results are not great , the long - term results are many , and there is continuity .
4 ) the fourth stage : after Buffett has tasted the sustainable effect , this stage is basically intransigent to Buffett 's theory and totally dismissive of non-Buffett companies .
constantly studying and deepening his understanding of Buffett and using him in practice , the performance of this stage is that the results are getting better and better , and there is continuity , and he has entered a benign cycle .
the amount of time each person needs at each stage is not necessarily related to personal circumstances and luck .
one Heart to Buddha ( 2365 5903 ) 14min 18min 05
he was an old netizen of mine who posted such a story in the group .
I &apos;d rather write the story in this column .
I hope that everyone can read this article , and i do n't expect that it will become the essence of the so - called story . however , some things , with some truth , can often be learned from a short and concise story .
this is a story that makes people feel very cold after reading it .
I really hope this is really just a story ... because my heart is really sad ...
three gunmen on the mountain highway actually stared at the beautiful female driver and forced the bus to stop and take the female driver out for fun . the female driver shouted for help , and the passengers of the bus were kept silent .
only a middle - aged and emaciated man rose to his feet but was wounded on the ground .
the man was so manly that he shouted loudly to all the motorists to stop the violence , but no one responded , allowing the woman driver to be dragged to the mountains and bushes .
half an hour later , the three culprits and the disheveled female driver returned .
the car will go on again . the female driver wants the skinny man who was wounded and bleeding to get off the bus .
the man was unwilling and stubborn .
hey , get out of the car , I won &apos;t pull you !
the middle - aged man became impatient and said , " why are you being unreasonable ? am i wrong in trying to save you ? "
you saved me ?
what did you save me from ?
the woman driver flatly denied it and caused several passengers to snicker .
Middle - aged man , hate their own lack of chivalrous strength !
he did not save the people , but he did not deserve the result of being expelled from the car . he resolutely refused to do so .
say again that I bought a ticket , I have the right to take a bus !
the driver raised his face ruthlessly and said : I will not drive until i get off the bus .
unexpectedly , the bus full of passengers who had just turned a blind eye to the brutality , but , as if they had just woken up , made concerted efforts to persuade the man to get out of the car : get off now , we still have things to do and cannot afford to delay !
several powerful passengers even tried to drag the middle - aged man out of the car , reminiscent of the plot in Maupassant 's " sheep fat ball . "
the three scoundrels smiled with their mouths , and smiled triumphantly .
one of them , a black - skinned scoundrel , said shamelessly : Dude , she &apos;s playing hog !
the other two gangsters also made nonsense : she is my object , none of your business !
a quarrel ensued until the man 's luggage was thrown out the window and he was pushed down .
as the car was moving smoothly along the mountain road , the woman driver brushed her hair and rang the tape recorder .
the car will soon reach the top of the mountain , and when it turns a corner , it will go down the mountain . on the left side of the car is the road of cleaving the mountain , and on the right side is the cliff of a hundred kilometers .
the car speeded up quietly , and the woman driver had a very calm face , her hands clasped the steering wheel , and her eyes gleamed with tears .
a gangster seemed to perceive something and said : slow down , slow down , what the hell do you want to do ?
the female driver did not speak , and the speed of the car grew faster and faster .
the gangster tried to jump on the steering wheel , but the car ran like an arrow off a cliff ...
the next day , local newspapers reported that a tragic disaster occurred in the fuhu mountain area yesterday , and a china bus fell off a cliff .
none of the driver and 13 passengers survived .
the middle-aged man who was driven off the bus cried when he saw the newspaper .
nobody knows why he cries , why he cries .
the darkness of the railway station
recently , i went out for a few days , took a train , and found the darkness of railway stations everywhere during the summer vacation !
I want to know what each railway station has to pay attention to .
I &apos;m from Changsha . let &apos;s talk about Changsha first . you must pay attention to Changsha Railway Station !
a train ticket that will never be easy to buy : at Changsha railway station , whenever school starts during the holidays or during the winter and summer holidays , there is absolutely no way to get tickets . no matter how early you go , you will have to wait in line for nothing .
the most seamless answer I asked was that the travel agency booked all the tickets !
but with the scalpers , take as much silver as you want .
beware of fake tickets : the tickets in the hands of scalpers are not necessarily true . one of Hunan 's twin peaks and xinhua has become rich through fake certificates , the other has become rich through fake silver coins and counterfeit coins . therefore , fake tickets are really nothing !
digging and repairing is the lowest level , some fake tickets are called true , and the conductor can not tell them apart !
who moved my money : be careful when you shop at the railway station !
if you want to give small bills , heHe , your bills are always short of horns , so you have to change into large bills .
however , after you changed the large notes , the shopkeeper must have said he could not find them , returned them to you , and then asked for the small notes with missing horns , and at that time you had to take back a counterfeit large note !
magician looking for zero : not all shopkeepers change your large bills , that is a crime and a greater risk !
so some daredevil shopkeepers had to become magicians , obviously you saw that he was right in counting the change , but when you had a chance to count it yourself , heHe , there were a few missing .
foreign wine everywhere : there aren &apos;t many teahouses in the railway station , but you &apos;ll know when you get in .
a few glasses of inferior red wine can sell Martell 's price , and if you do n't , your mother may not recognize you .
6 , Rose and Gun : there are many video halls around the railway station , and the title of the program on display is still very attractive to us vulgar men . therefore , if you go in and watch it , you will definitely be treated as a VIP who wants to relax . therefore , you will immediately have a rose MM to accompany you . of course , you can afford the money spent in a five - star hotel . otherwise , the big knife will not always be chopped at the devils !
ice and Fire : if you speak Changsha accent or are familiar with Changsha , you will never catch a taxi in front of the station . the face of a taxi driver will let you know what June frost is !
however , if you come to Changsha for the first time , congratulations , even if you go to a walking area of five minutes , the driver will enthusiastically show you the sights of the key national tourist cities , and will let you take a breath of the famous white sand brand second - hand smoke and smell the best betel nut with local characteristics .
of course , you have to pay your own fare .
Nanjing subway driver should receive psychological debugging as soon as possible
key Word : psychological debugging
according to Xinhua news agency reports , on the evening of 3 july , a death occurred on the Nanjing subway .
according to the reporter 's description , tan Ching - ting , 22 , a young subway driver , had a nightmare scene . when the reporter saw him yesterday , he did not seem to have recovered from his fear . he sat down in his chair , straightened out , and his eyes looked a little dizzy .
obviously , this young driver 's spirit has been greatly impacted , and it is urgent to carry out psychological debugging , otherwise he will be harmed for life .
I wonder if everyone remembers that the rescuer who rescued a young girl from an abandoned oil well in Texas in the united states more than 10 years ago finally chose to end his painful life by committing suicide after enduring mental torture .
at that time , although he had been subjected to simple psychological debugging , because more attention had been paid to the little girl who had been rescued , those who needed psychological debugging had been neglected , and in the end tragedy had not been averted .
similarly , in the smuggling incident in the Dover strait a few years ago , the first british policeman to open a container was said to have been stunned on the spot .
it took the british side more than two months of psychological debugging to get him back to normal .
when a person is stimulated by a disaster , his or her psychology will be greatly harmed . at this time , it is very difficult for him or her to recover completely on his or her own strength alone , and psychological scars are often left behind .
since such scars are difficult for outsiders to discover and there is no way to do so , many of the people involved will suffer for the rest of their lives .
however , people in our country do not pay enough attention to psychological trauma . in particular , the families or departments in charge of the victims often suddenly think of it after they have lost the best recovery period . it is already too late .
nowadays , with the diversification of the media , we often hear of appalling incidents in which many young women have been harmed and many young children have witnessed the cruel harm inflicted on their parents .
after the juveniles were rescued , they were rarely heard to have received psychological treatment and were more likely to be comforted by relatives .
although the victim can feel safe , the former injury has become a scar that can never be cured and will always be awakened , affecting the life of the person concerned .
fortunately , the driver 's leader promptly reassured him and relieved his mental pressure .
after all , the driver is not responsible for the accident , and the driver also took measures when he discovered the situation . he has already done what he should have done , but he has not stopped the tragedy from happening .
it is believed that even if it is not the driver involved , everyone present will be shocked by the accident that occurred at the scene .
however , other people are not responsible for the suicide , and although they were shocked , they will gradually fade away with the development of time .
the driver was less fortunate and had to remember , probably for the rest of his life .
if he can extricate himself from this scene , he will be lucky , and if he cannot extricate himself , he will often be tormented by this kind of scare .
the concept of modern health is more comprehensive than in the past , and mental health has begun to attract people 's attention .
what is regrettable is that the human mental condition is very frustrating . especially in cities , people 's mental health is very unsatisfactory . most people have more or less hidden spiritual dangers , and some people have encountered problems that have not aroused enough attention .
think about the lesson of the previous stage of the tan yang Lijuan incident , some irresponsible media used a patient suffering from mental problems as the object of hype , causing a very bad social impact .
we should avoid such incidents in the future , otherwise our society will really become a morbid society .
five teachers of Dongkou no. 5 secondary school expressed many feelings after the first new curriculum training .
key words : Dongkou no . 5 middle school , no . 1 teacher , no . 5 middle school , no . 5 teacher , no . 1 new class , no . 1 new class , no . 1 new class , no . 5 teacher , no . 1 new class , no . 1 new class , no . 1 new class , no . 1 new class , no .
at the same time , they also consider the new curriculum reform to be a rare opportunity and challenge for the educational development of schools .
on the morning of 13 july , due to traffic jam on the shijiang - longhui section of Dongkou road caused by highway repair , several teachers of Dongkou no. 5 middle school and teachers from suining and other places arrived at the municipal education bureau at more than 1 pm . the staff of the education bureau , who had left work earlier than usual , reloaded the training materials that had been loaded onto the vehicle and completed the relevant procedures for us and obtained the training materials .
at 2 : 30 in the afternoon , the dusty teachers braved the scorching heat to enter the multimedia classrooms of city no . 1 middle school , city no . 2 middle school , and city no . 6 middle school to listen to lectures by relevant experts .
in the next two days , teachers either listened to lectures by textbook developers or listened to the experiences and lessons learned by teachers who had already entered the new curriculum reform provinces , and some teaching researchers or teachers who had participated in the training of the new curriculum in the provinces also shared their experiences and experiences .
on the morning of the 15 th , after listening to all the training courses , an examination was conducted . five teachers of Dongkou no . 5 middle school , who were conscientious in their study , did not arrive late or leave early , and successfully passed the examination , all obtained their graduation certificates .
during the training period , the teachers of dongkou no . 5 middle school had exchanges with each other . at first , they all felt that the new curriculum was relatively new , that the tasks were heavy , that the pressure was great , and that it was difficult to grasp it .
however , after the training , everyone felt that this was also an opportunity and a challenge .
they are determined to strive to restructure their knowledge and to fulfill the task of curriculum reform as satisfactorily as possible .
the second batch of teachers to take part in the new course training have already arrived at the relevant places for training on the 16 th .
Dongkou No. 5 Middle School Holds a New Curriculum Training Conference to Deploy to Go to the Municipal Education Bureau to Participate in Curriculum Reform Training Matters
key words : Dongkou no. 5 middle school holds training conference on new courses .
the fifth middle school of Dongkou held a training meeting on the new curriculum and arranged to attend the training on curriculum reform at noon on 5 july at the municipal education bureau . the school held a teachers ' meeting in the principal 's office to attend the summer training on the new curriculum .
President Xie conveyed the spirit of the new course training meeting he had attended in the county , expounded on the significance of the new course reform , and made specific arrangements for the personnel , time , expenses , and matters requiring attention .
it has been learned that the personnel attending the new curriculum reform training conference in Shaoyang city are principals , teaching directors , and teachers who will teach the first year of senior high school next semester .
the funds were allocated by the above authorities and are said to have been provided by Xinhua bookstore .
first , there will be general education training for principals and teaching directors , and then there will be training for teachers in different subjects . there will be three phases of teacher training : the first phase ( language , chemistry , history , and biology ) will report to the first floor lobby of the municipal education bureau on the morning of 13 july . they will have to bring their identity cards and collect relevant fees .
since then , about 8 : 00 am and 2 : 30 pm classes will be held daily .
up to the morning of the 15 th , the actual study time is two days .
among them , a certificate of completion will be issued to those who pass the examination .
history is taught in No. 1 Middle School in Shaoyang .
after returning , the school will apply for another 60 yuan for tuition and transportation , and will not be entitled to travel subsidies .
Lok Hwa , make friends with star fans .
key Word : a Star Fan
I have a female friend whom i have never met .
I told her directly , I admire you very much !
because you expressed your love directly .
she likes the male host of a popular entertainment program in Taiwan and has never concealed her feelings .
the male host hosted the program in Jinan , and she flew to Jinan , while the male host flew to Changsha as a guest .
the male host said in her book that a friend gave herself a slingshot without bullets , and she was surprised to tell me that the slingshot was from me .
she also participated in making an e - magazine of this star , and every issue she read to me excitedly .
I &apos;ve always liked to hang out with people who were honest fans of the stars .
these stars can be movie and television stars , football stars , and of course great people .
I never thought these friends were superficial . I thought they were cute .
these people are generally people of true temperament , like is like , do not like is not like .
it would be very easy to come into contact with such people .
although they will not consider your feelings 100 percent , you at least know their joys , sorrows , and joys and sorrows , and know that you will feel more secure with them .
these people are also honest .
you should know that it takes courage to dare to express your likes .
because of this , many people will only quietly like a person for the rest of their lives , or they will be a little ashamed of those who brazenly say who they are and who they are fans of .
honesty is , in my opinion , a person 's greatest strength , being honest with friends and myself .
however , it is actually very difficult to do this .
being able to like a star also proves that there is an element of selflessness in him .
some of my friends are fans of some of the stars .
sometimes , in order to see this star , he could endure hardships , sacrifice a lot , economize , raise cards with his left hand , press his camera with his right hand , and still shout in his mouth .
it can be said that they are very foolish and naive , but it requires selflessness to be able to love a person without consideration for reward .
because the reality of narcissism and self-belief in oneself and disdain for others are too many and too many , this selflessness seems a little precious .
so , when people talk about who their favorite star is , if one of them says , i never worship anyone else .
ha ha , you have to be careful then .
Zhang Xiaohui
key words : Zhang xiaohui
I happened to see a long - lost edition of " here comes Kangxi , " in which Zhang xiaohui plays the leading role .
I think it &apos;s time to promote peach .
the time I watched peach was my obsession with porn .
at that time , i thought it was very strange that porn could be made so aesthetically , and sometimes it was very interesting , it was called porn .
I do n't watch many porn films , but i also cover many countries .
the first contacts were with south korea and japan .
later i watched quite a few third - world countries , as well as some latin american and european films , but less Hollywood and french films .
one is " youth " and the other is " peach color . "
the first half of " peach color " was quite good . everyone was a newcomer . they played very hard , and the director had very good standards .
the second half was a bit perverted , and i could not accept it at all .
what i actually want to say is that Zhang xiaohui said in the program that her boyfriend covers almost every country in the world except africa .
currently , she has four boyfriends .
people are afraid that if they cannot accept this question , they will say that this person is unruly .
but the crux of the matter is that she said these questions frankly and without the slightest discomfort .
she went on to talk about her view of love .
for example , the two sides should be economically independent .
I think the personality also needs to be independent and control its own destiny .
because I know that when people are in love , love is alive and selfish , how can they allow those they love to be loved by others at the same time ?
according to my experience and conjecture , Zhang xiaohui 's love affair is no longer a simple one , and she must be a typical sisterly love .
in brotherly love , the elder sister can tolerate everything , including having several younger brothers at the same time , and at the same time , the younger brother can be infinitely attached to the elder sister because of the other party 's charm and maternal nature , but may not mind if it is the only one , and so on .
however , from Zhang xiaohui 's conversation , i found that she is actually a person who knows how to enjoy life very much .
for example , she loves to travel to the point of extravagance .
so I have reason to believe that her life is wonderful , too .
I 'm afraid that i can't accept this phenomenon before i change to another one .
just as i have now accepted many people , in fact , this has nothing to do with tolerance or intolerance , but is that as long as my own tendons are figured out , there will be no absolute love or no love .
these people include passerby a , friend b , Zhang ziyi , friend c , and sister hibiscus .
if you look at the lives of others , you are a visitor , and you are your own life , how come you are not the hero of others ?
it 's like , even though i 'm not in the rivers and lakes , the rivers and lakes have always had my legends .
you have to be entertaining .
key Word : entertaining Spirit
living is a very tiring thing , so you should have a little entertaining spirit .
or laugh at themselves , or watch other people 's jokes , and gossip about other people .
for example , go to the end of the world to relax .
inside , people are free to say what they want , but of course you should have a little ability to distinguish right from wrong , because there are all kinds of black boars going on .
the result is that you do n't know what you 're saying , but you have to understand what you 're looking at .
Xiao S called Cai Kangyong a scholar .
if i count , then i belong to the category that has read a little but not yet fully understood .
it &apos;s a good thing I always know who I am .
but basically , when i read this book , i got something that i wanted .
coincidentally , i also like to think blindly , so i read and think , but i also have a lot of common sense , and a lot of things suddenly come out of the blue .
as a result , he gradually formed some habits , such as telling himself to be ruthless to himself and to others ;
whenever there are problems , we must first look for reasons from ourselves .
treat things rationally and emotionally ;
be a low - key person and do things low - key .
but you know , people are not that good , always selfish , always think about their own gains and losses , will always be rational when the emotional mess , emotional when the fucking rational .
the good thing is that you do n't think about regretting the choices you have made .
if it is done , it will be done , if it is defeated , it will admit it .
why do people think so much useless .
not bad , i 'm not the kind of person who likes to put up a face and raise the value of those who study , i 'm also a vulgar person .
however , what is different from some people is that they do not have to be cynical and rational in everything .
or maybe you have a very strong belief in yourself .
once you trust a person , then i think everything about him is good .
even if there are shortcomings , they are willing to tolerate them .
although it is not a kind of calling friends , it is a kind of thinking of friends from a personal position .
but that &apos;s why you &apos;re so strict with your friends .
I also do n't understand why so many people now trust what the newspapers say and do .
or , in their minds , the present report is as sacred as ever .
but there are many things in the world that i do n't understand .
jokes .
give yourself a scratch in the ear .
Song Dantan , &quot; In the depths of happiness , &quot; warm and moving .
key words : Song Dantan , deep in happiness
not long ago , i read in the newspaper that song dantan has published a new book entitled " deep happiness . "
I &apos;d like to read it .
because i think as a woman of this age , having such a career , going through changes in her family and career , after these changes , what does she think of herself and her life ?
as expected , i did not let anyone down . after i saw it , i had two feelings : first , i was shocked , and i could see my own shadow when i looked at other people 's lives ; second , i was very moved , and they were all kinship details .
why are you electrocuted ?
in the book , song dantan writes that i have neglected an important principle in my life : to give is happier than to receive .
I am always busy giving and making myself happy .
I will not and do n't know how to accept , i have neglected to let others give , that is to say , i have neglected the right of others to get happiness .
I found myself enjoying this kind of happiness all the time , and maybe i should pay attention in the future .
it takes a lot of courage for a person to face up to his past and show it all to the public .
this includes her first love , her failed marriage to Indra , an in - depth autopsy of herself , and family ties with her son .
this book is also worthy of praise because as a publishing house , it must have strongly advocated that she focus on the cases of " i love my family , " " ten ambushes , " and a series of sketches with Zhao Benshan .
however , she must have insisted on something . Zhao Benshan only mentioned it at the end . as for " ten ambushes " and " i love my family , " he barely mentioned it .
the original book is full of a 40 - year - old woman 's understanding of life , love , family , and family , and is warm and moving .
busy holidays
key Words : busy Vacation
the holiday has been going on for almost a week , and i have not been idle .
he went to the college for a meeting and had to prepare materials and speeches for next week 's meeting .
this holiday will be very busy .
if there is no accident , according to the plan , three meetings will be held and four or five cities will go .
life is suddenly filled with a lot of things , the same kind , different kinds , almost forgetting how it used to be during the holidays .
I do n't seem to have much leisure in my memory .
however , it used to be that there was a long period of time at one 's disposal , but this year there seems to be less time .
is it a good thing or a bad thing ?
if you are busy , it will enrich you , but if you are too busy to have any effect and gain nothing , the significance of being busy will be reduced .
however , sometimes it seems that life cannot be completely calculated according to the results , that life is used to slowly feel , and that peace , stability , fulfillment , and joy are also a kind of harvest , although this kind of harvest can sometimes not be measured by social evaluation standards .
everyone needs to recognize social value and self - worth . if we cannot have both , what will happen to us ?
Marxism teaches us to give priority to social values and advocates that individuals should make contributions to society . however , in reality , a healthy and healthy society should also fully respect the wishes and value choices of individuals and create conditions for the realization of individual values .
it suddenly occurred to me that the Marxist principles were really very effective .
this is indeed the truth , but when it comes to real life , it is hard to avoid being puzzled at times .
even if the realization of self - worth does not obstruct social value , will every real individual of us be satisfied with the realization of true self - worth without regard to social evaluation ?
or is our sense of self - worth contentment detached from social evaluation ?
it seems very difficult .
therefore , while each of us strives to be an ordinary person , it is unavoidable to pursue excellence and transcendence , and if we waste our lives , we will always blame ourselves .
this is probably the social aspect of people .
after the holiday , it was more or less relaxed .
at least you can have time to watch some DVDs and relax for a while .
to put it bluntly , we still have to do our work , and the days are still the same .
I &apos;m going to Xi &apos;an for another meeting next week .
although i have never been to a city , i do n't seem to like it very much because of some preconceptions about it .
I hope this trip will change my impression of the city and roar .
Tae lives very well .
key Words : the Age of Boys and Feminists
in the afternoon , Ying called me , chatted for a while , and talked to me until i saw the happy male voice of guang .
Ying said , &quot; Tan , can &apos;t you ? you are so cute . after watching Super Girls and Fast Men , you are simply a loyal audience of Hunan Satellite TV . &quot;
I say it &apos;s true .
Ying said she had watched some of the boys ' talent shows and felt that they were all women and men , and i also felt the same way , but i told her that the happy male voice had already reached 5 to 4 , and next week it would be 4 to 3 , and the singing was really good , top of the line .
the research on mass culture and consumer culture also said excitedly that we will also see next week . after all , at the most crucial stage of the competition , it must be very interesting to pay attention to these things , so as to accumulate some case resources for future research .
then we talked about this being a men 's era .
at last , the man went from being a spectator to being a spectator , and the woman who used to be an object became the main body , so she could appreciate and face all kinds of men 's shows in this era of male sexuality from the perspective of an observer .
Ying said that this is the liberation of women and a symbol of feminism .
then she went on to say , &quot; Didn &apos;t you think you were very feminine now ? &quot;
I laughed with joy at the gleaming words .
this remark itself is full of feminist meanings , but i do not have the ability to think as clearly as Ying to expound these things more profoundly and clearly .
I very much like Chen chusheng 's song in the happy male voice , which has a very special texture , a kind of power that penetrates through time and space , and is very pure and comfortable .
the songs of awakening come in a variety of forms , are full of emotions , are elegant and gentle in appearance , but they give people a feeling of relaxation and liveliness .
Zhang Jie 's songs are very loud and powerful . in particular , his two songs of today 's pk , " your appearance " and " the past goes with the wind , " are both old songs that i like very much . they are very impressive .
Wei Chen has a lovely , pure face that closely resembles lu yi . it is said that she is very popular with the girls and certainly has a good voice .
this kind of further competition among the top four should be very good looking .
look forward to their wonderful performance next week !
.. the chaotic mood of kimchi on the 6th - 29th .
key Words : kimchi Seoul
the chaotic kimchi mood of 29 june opened up an international roaming trip , but when you get off the plane , your cell phone is like a power cut , and there is still no signal at all . perhaps the sphere of influence of GSM refers to the area of the heart , and will take effect from the next toll day .
in the next few days , i will temporarily lose contact with everyone . ha ha , will anyone worry about me because of this ?
the opening of the secretarial desk is only to prove who is thinking of me .
whether it &apos;s public or private .
but the question is , whose thoughts am I hoping for ?
my heart , i do n't know when it began , but it became blank again .
I do n't understand why , there are always some people who do n't want to stay , and some people who do n't want to stay always think that they can squeeze in , as if they are talking about the feeling of a shopping mall ?
but Xin , with or without your place , can you let the guts go to the booth ?
after all , matter and heart can not be discussed on the same day !
our car was on the expressway to Busan .
the minister drove the car without saying a word , and i had nothing to say .
after all , he neither understands chinese nor english , and i just know a few sentences and a few bad sentences in english .
there was quite a bit of boring looking at the computer and typing on the keyboard . except for the sound of the keyboard in the car , which was miss korea 's happy GPRS navigation , everything was a little too quiet .
outside the window , can only see the continuous green and gray blue sky .
silence is not very similar to my character .
unexpectedly , the only thing that makes me feel intimate in this country is english .
the full circle had no other function than the radiological dizziness it produced for me .
I think south korea will definitely not produce compasses .
because there is no need in the market .
Seoul is very clean , thoroughly clean , meticulous clean .
unfortunately , during his stay in Seoul for a few days , he did not have time to go anywhere except his work place and department store company , and all his impressions were limited to waiting and watching along the road .
fortunately , everything is still beautiful !
the Korean people are very traditional and polite , they smile one - sidedly , they listen attentively , and they are elegant and quiet .
all that can be noticed is the beautiful surface , the traditional customs , the ancient architecture , and the trembling civilization .
is this hypocrisy ?
or hypocritical point well , at least everyone etiquette !
if you can &apos;t see ugly things , you might think they don &apos;t exist .
Korean food is very good !
it 's just that i do n't like it , i do n't understand why i 'm tossing and turning , but i 'm just putting kimchi in various styles and pieces , of course , without sea moss .
on second thought , the Korean people 's study of diet is still very powerful . they can distinguish the difference between pickles preserved on the ground or underground , the difference between the length of time , and the accuracy can be scored .
this shows from the side that the rigour of the Korean people may have something to do with kimchi from early to late .
just a headache , the Japanese bean curd restaurant the minister is about to take us to is another way of combining kimchi with kimchi .
thinking of the chinese cuisine last night , i felt like crying , completely Korean , and the only thing that could be imported was kimchi .
AH , ah , thank china southern airlines for offering kimchi together with the airplane meal .
the airlines must have thought that i would get used to it from the moment i got on the plane .
we will return to china in two days ' time , and if there is still no one to miss , let 's miss my aunt 's cooking a roast pork !
after all , stomach contentment comes more directly than heart contentment .
of course , it has nothing to do with pickles .
two trees .
two trees , one is me , the other is my brother - in - law .
we kept each other cool and cared for each other .
my generation have many children , but I only have a sister , no brother and brother , so the presence of brother-in-law is very important .
we were all born poor children and had to take part in a great deal of housework at a very young age . although i always tried to pretend to be a big man and wanted to work like an expert , i never got my father 's permission .
I &apos;ve had sleepwalking since I was a kid , but it &apos;s not that serious , but when it comes to housework , distractions are inevitable .
for example , my father asked me to muddy the chimney of the old house , and i quickly climbed onto the roof to operate .
the chimney was wiped , but when it rained , the house was dewy because I crushed the tile .
for example , my father asked me to change the light bulb , that old incandescent light bulb .
when I climbed onto the stool , the light bulb in my hand fell off and broke on the concrete floor .
there are countless examples of this , so when my brother - in - law entered the room , he took it for granted that he contracted the chores and did them beautifully , at no labor cost .
I could not bear to hide in a corner and read those casual books that looked like bricks .
later , we grew up to be two trees , two big enough to support a family building .
however , his father inevitably dwarfed down , and sitting in his wheelchair , he became an obscure bush in the shade .
unexpectedly , the 50 - year - old brother - in - law suddenly became seriously ill , and the seemingly lush and luxuriant trees unexpectedly approached the fearful death .
on that dizzying summer day , outside the operating room of Beijing Union Hospital , the doctor downplayed the words : there is no surgical value .
he has two months to live at most .
at that moment i felt as if i had been suddenly hit by stray bullets , and my soul had suddenly shrunk out of its shell , and all the fools were there .
I began to sleepwalk again and saw the old courtyard of my home and the busy figure of my young brother @-@ in @-@ law in the courtyard .
it was my sister 's shrill cry that awakened me . I hurried to hug my sister , who was sitting on the hospital porch , and we hugged each other in tears .
the bright sun suddenly disappeared , and my eyes darkened in front of me .
after returning to our city from beijing , my brother - in - law soon learned of his illness . after he and my sister hugged each other and cried bitterly , their feelings turned to relief .
my brother @-@ in @-@ law began to arrange things in an orderly way , such as telling his son : take care of your grandmother for me . when she dies , she will be reunited with your grandfather and how to open the tomb .
visit your grandfather often and buy him some practical things in time for the New Year &apos;s Day .
for example , he told my sister : after i left , you should visit your sister often , she must be very lonely all by herself .
I took as much time as I could to see him , but he looked ashamed of me .
we are often speechless , like two plants that cannot talk even though they are alive .
these are two adult trees . the experience of wind and rain has enabled us to calmly face the hardships . what else do we need to explain to me ?
doesn &apos;t seem necessary .
because you know in your heart : after you leave , your sister , your sister , your children , and everyone else , you can only rely on this tree of mine to support you alone .
who told me to be a man ?
it is a man , whether you like it or not , you must not hesitate to straighten your spine and lift responsibilities .
the only regret is : why did your tree wither so early , you should have a lush old age ah ?
the day you left was the first day of the lunar new year .
that is , when the chinese people all over the world greeted the spring festival with joy , you left alone .
perhaps , in another time and space , another bud of life is born ?
N minutes of my life .
the reason why there is such a stylish headline is that at that time of extreme despair , the confused brain simply had no time to think about time .
if an innocent person receives a death sentence out of thin air , will he be content to criticize the grammatical errors in the " award " ?
it was a winter day , and it was very cold in the youth center .
I do n't know who is on duty , and the stove has not lit a fire all day .
because legend has it that there was a strong earthquake , when we returned to our nest in the evening , we did not bother to start the fire again .
on the long pavement that can sleep 12 people , the four of us , wrapped in quilts , shivering in the dim light , played poker three times a night , and won meal tickets .
suddenly , a voice from far and near rolled in , and several of us only looked at each other for a moment and immediately realized the disaster was coming .
so he threw away his playing cards , flew down to the ground , passed through two narrow doors , and came out in droves .
as soon as we ran out of the dormitory , the poor thatched hut , made of stone , was instantly crushed to pieces .
we rushed into the courtyard as if we were standing on a rickety boat , tossing ourselves back and forth like restless men , unable to hold ourselves together .
in these few seconds , all the buildings around us , once they had a calm image of the past , successively shouted in a hoarse voice , danced a nearly mad break dance , and then turned into a plume of smoke to kill themselves .
naturally , the wires over her head were not willing to be lonely , and she ran away like a whip .
in front of us and behind us , the wreaking demons are releasing jubilant fireworks for their creations . the colorful earth lights can rival the beautiful dance effects of any large war movie . the roaring earth sounds and images support the drums of war , tormenting every fragile nerve .
at that time , there was only one thought : the end of mankind has come !
I can imagine the earth under my feet bursting open , the boiling lava issuing a fervent invitation like molten steel , and human beings falling free into the lava like ants , so stingy that they did not even have a trace of smoke and vanished in a flash .
my spine was numb as ice water , and the faces of a few of my companions in the gray were wavering like paper masks .
I wonder : will mankind thus bid farewell to this colorful world , and will tens of thousands of years of civilization disappear forever ?
but i am not yet over 20 years old , the flowers of youth have just bloomed , the joy of survival has just been felt , how i miss my beautiful life !
my parents , my relatives , where are you all , what are you doing now , are you still alive in the world ?
how much I miss you in the face of death &apos;s ferocious smile !
I don &apos;t know how long it was before I saw that the sound of the earth was fading away , the trembling of the earth was slowing down , and the fireworks were no longer flickering .
a huge ship jolted in the rough sea finally sailed slowly into a tranquil harbor .
a young and fragile heart was finally carefully put back into its original position after a near - madness ravaged it .
Earth , my home , you finally let us feel the warmth and warmth of home !
a feeling of happiness for the rest of his life slowly overflowed from under his feet like a warm current .
after standing firm , yu dou , who has just turned 17 , burst into tears in the face of the once harmonious and warm youth compound , which is now a ruins of ruins and ruins .
all the people were infected , tears streaming down their cheeks .
is the sky beginning to snow a mourning for the misfortunes of mankind ?
that year , the Haicheng earthquake killed a total of 1,000 people .
an expert said : fortunately , the forecast was made in time , and it happened before people went to bed . otherwise , a strong earthquake with a magnitude of 7.3 would have killed at least 100,000 people !
only a year later , the Tangshan earthquake broke out , killing more than 200,000 people .
what happened in the village
there are many families in the village , of which a family called the south is the most unpleasant . there is a popular saying in the village : fire prevention , theft prevention , and prevention of the south .
the Nan family is actually quite honest .
some people usually steal melons in other people 's fields , ah , and so on , and the family in the south , UH , just steal a chicken and touch a dog , so that the whole village will not isolate the family in the south .
nobody &apos;s clean . who &apos;s my southern family messing with ?
the southern family has started to hold some very respectable activities , indicating that the village was originally established by the ancestors of the southern family . the southern family has always been a big grain grower , and in the past , quite a few well - known people have made great contributions to the village 's construction .
at the same time , the southern family closely invited village cadres to come home and have a look and sit down .
in short , the yugoslavia family is working very hard to fight an active war in an attempt to become strong .
not long ago , the xiyi family did something very disgraceful and cruelly persecuted the seedlings of the nanjia family .
the family called xi is well - known throughout the village as a matchmaker , and all the young people in the village have benefited from the family .
if the west family did not make a good matchmaker , how could you make a good production in every household ?
however , at this time , the west family actually smashed the seedlings of the south family with black bricks in a place called hongdong . it was really abominable . the whole village was indignant and called the west family no good people .
the southern family 's plea to the western family aroused the sympathy of the entire village .
the whole village spat at the west family one after another .
so the battlefield was moved to Sekiah .
the southern family is determined to create a good image before the 17 th village meeting so that this person , ding 's most prosperous southern family , can develop .
although the village cadres urge everyone to live in harmony every day , this village , which is called zhongzhong , is always restless .
what is most annoying is that in just two or three months , even pigs have started to clamor for rebellion and have to raise their prices !
two years ago , chickens in various villages caught a cold and were killed , weren &apos;t they ?
pig , why don &apos;t you have a brain ?
if you continue to clamor for revolution , you will not be able to avoid being decapitated !
and although the united states and britain , which are used to insulting people , are rich in life , they are not necessarily at peace .
there are some tramps who knocked down a tall building in the us village today and threw some small cans that would explode in the english village subway tomorrow . is that scary enough ?
therefore , although people in Nakamura generally find it disgusting to be unable to live in a room , see a sick person , or read a book , they can peacefully grow some fields , do some work , and engage in relationships , and this is considered to be entering a new era .
the southern family , the western family , ah , who does not have a difficult book to read ?
let 's take the wan family who live in a small bend in the southeast of the village and say , although the parents of that family are a little shameless , will our great Nakamura still take care of this family ?
seeing that the 2008 village sports meet is going to be held in our village , let 's save the trouble in the village and save the bad children in the village .
each household , light a lamp , those who have money will pay , ah , a strong contribution .
when the time comes , everyone will go to the village hall to watch the laying of golden eggs in the nest !
( voiceover , fading : golden egg or silver egg ? Ladies and gentlemen , this is village tv host wing Ko Tseng )
Eric , look at Google China .
Google China Publisher : Google ( Google ) Regular Staff
I am a relatively early employee who joined Google china . in the past two years , we have gone through quite a few tests , some of which were anticipated when we arrived , and some of which were indeed beyond our imagination at that time .
yesterday , when i heard that this quarter 's earnings report had a special section on china 's development , i happened to hear a lot from Eric when he answered a question about china , so i turned it over to encourage everyone .
the remark was made at last week 's Google Inc.SecondQuarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call ( http : / / www.google.comearnings.html ) . in answering a reporter 's question , Google ( Google ) CEOERIC expressed its great satisfaction with Google 's current achievements in china and its full confidence in Google 's development prospects in the chinese market .
Eric said we have excellent people in China , more and more perfect facilities and a constantly enriching local product line .
he believes that although Google 's success may not be imminent , it is a good beginning for Google china , and with the efforts of the chinese team , the support of the headquarters , and the indomitable spirit , he firmly believes that Google will achieve amazing results in china in the future .
Yeah , the important thing is that we are forging ahead resolutely , because we grew up here , we have deep feelings for this place , and we deeply believe that Google should give china more and more and should give users more and more .
fixed link
no slippers .
Top - less is now popular in everything , especially in the summer , everyone hates the idea of running naked , because any clothes will make people feel hotter .
you may have known that t - back , which has been popular for many years , has been defeated by g - String because the latter is completely free of straps .
therefore , in such an era , the slippers you wear under your shoes may very well be out of date , because now a brand new type of strapless slipper has emerged with only one sole .
how can I wear it without a belt ?
we are not immortals , and the manufacturers do not have magic tricks .
this kind of slipper is glued directly to the bottom of the foot : it is not a trick work , but a real commodity , and the price is about 13.50 us dollars per pair .
this is another kind of guinea pig i had imagined it existed , but i did n't think it really existed , and people were speechless .
the manufacturer thinks this kind of slipper is very cool and does n't believe it ?
just looking at it makes me feel very uncomfortable at the soles of my feet .
beautiful women in all shapes and sizes @ ChinajoyfromEngadget
key Words :
the china international digital interactive entertainment products and technology application exhibition ( chinajoy ) opened on july 12 with a grand opening , attracting an average of about 40,000 visitors a day .
there are many enterprises participating in the exhibition in china , and most of them introduced online games .
I believe that compared with online swimming , people are more interested in showgirl when it comes to addictive technology for mature readers .
don &apos;t worry , the main course will be served right away .
reporter : Rex ( via )
Lenovo is about to launch a high-end Think Pad T61 p .
key Word : Lenovo Thinkpad
Lenovo is about to launch the ThinkPad T61p , also the most advanced notebook computer in the t series , on july 17 ( us time ) , which gives us a quite nice surprise : UWB ( Wisair UltraWideband ) .
yes , like the R400 notebook computer , it is connected to a wireless expansion slot that can transmit at high speed .
( via ) this 15.4 - inch notebook computer uses the Santa Rosa processor and the Nvidia QuadroFX 570M graphics chipset . of course , there must be some enhanced protective measures for the metal cage type protective frames in the T61 , but the price is unexpectedly cheap , only about RMB 15,000 yuan .
I saw a lot of cell phone projectors without a screen .
key Word : mobile Phone
the Korean company Iljin Display has launched a coin - sized laser projector module .
due to the extremely small size of the module , it can even be built into the cell phone , and a 7 - inch projection area can be seen on the wall .
( via ) the traditional projector consists of three different LCD panels , which are responsible for outputting three different video signals : Red , green , and blue . this small projector can convert three colors using only one LCD panel , thus reducing the volume and manufacturing cost of the projector .
according to an official statement , the LCD panel of the projector itself is only 0.24 inches long and can be easily integrated into the cell phone .
at present , more than half of the mobile phones on the market have built - in cameras , and it is estimated that phones with built - in projectors will soon appear in the market , but it is really hard to say whether the market will be optimistic .
