Bahrain princess marries us soldier , marriage breaks down in five years
the marriage of Barin princess Meri ' an Zeng caliphate to us marine Johnson was widely praised by us television as a beautiful event , but the complicated marriage that lasted only five years has now come to an end in las Vegas , a desert city .
as a member of the royal family of the gulf state of Bahrain , Johnson risked his military career to enter this forbidden love story . their marriage was like a fairy tale and once became the theme of a tv movie .
however , according to Las Vegas commentaries , five years later , the two were in court , and Merriam filed for divorce in Vegas , where the marriage took place very quickly and the divorce took place more quickly .
the two met in 1999 when Johnson was a professional soldier stationed in Bahrain .
after he got to know the young princess of w. cox , the two of them struck a spark of love and his life changed enormously .
as the royal family banned the couple from getting married , Johnson made her dress up , put on a velvet sweater , put on a baseball cap , and smuggled her out of the motherland and into the united states by falsifying military documents for her .
after a tough immigration lawsuit with the us authorities , the couple finally married at the candlelight wedding church on the famous Las Vegas boulevard , when Johnson was 23 and the bride was only 19 .
however , Johnson said that due to the many temptations in Las Vegas , known as the &quot; City of Crime , &quot; his relationship with Merliah &apos;s wealthy family had been strained , and rumors of a plot to assassinate him had finally failed to sustain the troubled marriage .
Johnson said he made a living parking cars for hotel and casino guests , while Merriam gradually plunged into the nightlife of Vegas , often going to nightclubs in the middle of the night , disregarding her husband .
Merriam left her husband a year ago .
Johnson said , &quot; She has fallen to the bottom . &quot;
euro zone economic indicators to show continued weakness in europe
economists said the economic indicators to be released by the euro zone this week will show further evidence of weak economic confidence and slowing economic output , while the british data are expected to show an increase in industrial activity .
they said that the economic output data of the largest euro zone countries will continue to show extremely high monthly fluctuations , but the long - term trend of economic output will show a slowdown in economic growth .
the most important economic indicators for this week will be in Germany . the ZEW economic research institute , which is closely watched by the market , is scheduled to release economic expectations indicators on the 7th , which will provide the first evidence of economic confidence in europe in december .
the ZEW index dropped sharply to 13.9 in November from 31.3 in the previous month .
economists said that the sharp appreciation of the euro will continue to have an impact on economic confidence in recent surveys , so there is no reason to expect the economic index to rebound .
BNP economists said , &quot; Consideration of the main factors leading to the decline in economic confidence , including the appreciation of the euro , uncertainties in the global economy , and the worsening unemployment rate in Germany &apos;s job market , all have caused a drag on future growth expectations during the December survey period , so a strong rebound of the index is unlikely . &quot;
according to a survey conducted by afp 's financial news AFX news to economists , the index will drop again to 11 in december from 13.9 the month before last .
but Tisser of UBS Investment Bank said Germany &apos;s ZEW economic forecast may even drop to zero in December .
&quot; in our opinion , the future outlook for German economic activity , as reflected in the ZEW survey of analysts and financial market participants , will continue to decline , &quot; Tesser said .
East-West tensions over ukraine crisis to become OSCE issue
Russia has repeatedly accused the west of meddling in eastern european affairs because the political crisis in ukraine has become the focus of attention , and the annual ministerial meeting of the organization for security and cooperation in europe ( OSCE ) is set to become the main topic of discussion tomorrow .
Western forces have gradually extended into some corners of europe that russia originally regarded as its backyard , such as the Baltic states , georgia , and central asia . Russia has long been quite dissatisfied . therefore , when the OSCE held its two - day meeting in Sofia , capital of bulgaria , the recent events in ukraine may become an important topic of discussion .
Ukraine 's supreme court has issued a dramatic ruling ordering a revote in the second round of the recent presidential election . before that , the european union had called on the member states of the organization for security and cooperation in europe ( OSCE ) to be prepared to allow observers to " act with maximum speed and efficiency . "
according to european sources , the number of observers sent by the organization for security and cooperation in europe ( OSCE ) may increase from 600 to 1,000 in the rerun - off election scheduled for december 26 in ukraine .
US secretary of state Colin Powell will attend the annual meeting of the organization for security and cooperation in europe ( OSCE ) , which may be his last overseas visit before leaving office .
Russian foreign minister Lavrov , french foreign minister Barnier , british foreign minister strode , and german foreign minister Fischer will also attend the meeting .
OSCE members include 55 countries in north america , europe , and asia . next year , the organization will celebrate its 30 th anniversary .
the organization was founded at the Helsinki conference that year and contributed to ending the cold war .
Bush tests intelligence reform bill facing congressional vote this week
the intelligence reform bill , which the us congress will go all out to pass this week , is republican president bush 's ambitious second term policy plan . his support among republican congressmen is the first major test he has faced since he was re - elected .
former republican governor Keane of new jersey , who was in charge of investigating the september 11 terrorist attacks on new york and washington , said in a newspaper interview yesterday that the problem with the intelligence reform bill is that it needs to be passed by congress , and that this incident alone augurs ill for future cooperation between the two parties and the president 's domestic administrative issues .
Keane said : &quot; if the president and congress fail to handle these major issues , congress will become dysfunctional , and then we will all be in trouble . &quot;
he told the new york daily news : " we will have to wait a long time for another bill to win the support of republican and democratic leaders of the senate and house of representatives and 80 percent of the public opinion . "
several congressmen said yesterday that if this historic reform bill fails , it will delay the thorough overhaul of the old us spy network system for several months , even years , or even completely harm its survival .
Democratic chief congressman Haman of the house intelligence committee said on CNN yesterday : " if this bill is not passed this week , it will be stillborn . "
on the 6th and 7th , the congress will try again to pass the " Erguangsi intelligence reform and terrorism prevention bill , " and then adjourn until the beginning of next year .
if they fail to pass the bill , it will be null and void , and it will take five years for the congress to redraft it .
Ukrainian opposition rejects constitutional amendment bill on drastically stripping presidential power
Ukraine 's pro - western opposition today insisted that it would not accept the constitutional reforms promoted by outgoing president Kuchma before the second round of the presidential runoff election .
the constitutional reform will deprive the president of most of the powers currently vested in him .
opposition leader Yushenko and Kuchma again stalled after the supreme court annulled the november 21 election with a second round of abuses and the central election commission ordered a rerun of the runoff election on december 26 .
Yushenko 's ally Timosenko said : " if the constitutional amendment is passed in its current form , all the powers of the president will be transferred to the congress . this is unacceptable . "
she told reporters : " we hope that the president can appoint a director of intelligence and an attorney general so that we can fight corruption and remove the group that controls ukraine 's political and business circles . "
Kuchma , who maintains close ties with russia , pushed for constitutional amendments before the reelection , fearing that the opposition might win the presidential election .
members of the opposition national assembly yesterday refused to vote on the constitutional amendment proposed by the government , and the national assembly was suspended for 10 days .
according to the constitutional amendment , with the exception of the prime minister , defense minister , and foreign minister , the power to appoint all the chief executives will be transferred from the president to the parliament , and the forces that currently support the government have a close majority of seats in the parliament .
according to the contents of this amendment , the candidates for the posts of prime minister , defense minister , and foreign minister appointed by the president need the approval of the national assembly , which can also nominate their candidates .
Ukraine 's political crisis enters its third week , opposition parties call for continued struggle
as ukraine enters its third week of chaos over the presidential election , opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko today called on supporters to continue to fight in the streets and surround the presidential palace and government building until outgoing president Kuchma Kaifu prime minister Viktor Yanukovych and his cabinet members take action to ensure the fairness of the upcoming presidential runoff election .
tens of thousands of Yushchenko supporters have gathered in the capital Kiev for two weeks to surround the government building and camp out the main avenue designed by soviet experts for the military parade . the people 's strength they displayed forced the supreme court to annul the second round of the presidential election on november 21 . the central election commission ordered a rerun of the runoff election on december 26 , and the parliament approved Kaiyanukovich 's removal . however , Kuchma has yet to sign an executive order to replace the successor he cultivated .
Yushchenko told supporters gathered in the capital 's independence square tonight that Kuchma should replace his government and reshuffle the central election commission , and that both parliament and Kuchma should agree to amend the election law to prevent election fraud .
" we cannot talk about lifting the siege of the government building or the presidential palace until these decisions are made , " he said in his speech opening the runoff election on december 26 .
over the past 14 days , this square has shown its love for ukraine and the citizenship of millions of ukraine people who can defend their choices . "
he said : " we are going through a struggle between good and evil forces , the whole world is applauding our victory , and the whole world is proud of ukraine . "
at a time when the opposition is stepping up pressure on the Moscow - supported ruling authorities and Yushchenko and Kuchma are once again deadlocked over constitutional reform , polish president Kwasniewski , Lithuanian president Adamkus , and russian special envoy Glizlov are scheduled to arrive in Kiev on the 6 th for another round of mediation .
Egypt announces breakthrough in middle east peace dilemma
Egypt said that the middle east peace agreement is expected to have a new framework .
it also indicated that it may send ambassadors back to Israel in the near future to resume all - round diplomatic relations that have been suspended for four years .
Egypt &apos;s state - run Mideast News Agency quoted sources from &quot; high - level &quot; Egyptians as saying that parties seeking a peace plan had gradually reached a consensus on comprehensive reconciliation .
the Mideast News Agency said : &quot; Egypt , Israel , Palestine and important international organizations , such as the United States and the European Union , have reached important understandings and agreed in principle to comprehensively resolve the conflict between Israel and Palestine . &quot;
since the passing of palestinian strongman Yasser Arafat last month , the international community has resumed the promotion of the middle east peace policy with a view to bringing an early end to years of bloody conflicts between Israel and palestine .
the Mideast News Agency said that officials predicted that &quot; preparatory work will continue until July before political action begins . &quot;
Mideast news agency said that after that , parties concerned about the middle east peace process , Israel and palestine , as well as egypt , the united states , russia , and several european countries , will hold meetings in washington .
the meeting is expected to include &quot; a ceasefire between the two sides . &quot; the Palestinian Authority will &quot; prevent anti-Israeli attacks and strengthen its control over the Gaza Strip and the West Bank . &quot;
in this connection , Mideast News Agency said that Israeli Prime Minister Sharon promised &quot; that Israel will stop its military actions against the Palestinians as long as the Palestinian Authority respects the ceasefire agreement and controls their places . &quot;
more than 1 billion children in the world are ravaged by war , poverty , and aids
the united nations children 's fund ( unicef ) said in its annual report released today that more than one billion children , half of the world 's child population , are suffering from the ravages of poverty , war and aids .
the united nations children 's fund ( unicef ) said the right of children to a healthy and secure environment , enshrined in the 1989 convention on the rights of the child , was often jeopardized , in part because governments failed to implement human rights and economic reforms .
in her annual report in London , Ms. Bellamy , chairman of the Executive Committee of the United Nations Children &apos;s Fund , pointed out : &quot; when half the world &apos;s children grow up in a hungry and unhealthy environment , when schools are targeted and entire villages are destroyed by AIDS , we can no longer keep our promises to children . &quot;
Belemie added , &quot; Too many governments are making deliberate choices that would actually harm children . &quot;
statistics compiled by the united nations children 's fund in collaboration with researchers at the london school of economics and Bristol university reveal a horrific picture of children in danger in most parts of the world .
researchers found that some 640 million children worldwide lack adequate shelter , 400 million do not have access to safe drinking water , 270 million do not have access to health services , and 140 million ( mostly girls ) have never attended school .
the researchers pointed out that what is more serious is that at least 700 million children suffer from various forms of " serious exploitation , " including lack of access to information and public health facilities .
the united nations children 's fund ( unicef ) said in its 10 th annual report today that war and aids have destroyed networks that normally protect children , and that children are sometimes the direct victims of war and aids .
China presses eu to resist lifting arms embargo
the european union today rejected pressure from chinese premier Wen Jiabao to end the arms embargo on china as soon as possible , but said it would work to move toward lifting the 15 - year embargo .
the netherlands , which holds the rotating eu presidency , made the above remarks after the china - eu summit .
the netherlands said there was no need to speculate on how the eu would put an end to the embargo .
the eu imposed an arms embargo on beijing after the Tiananmen massacre in 1989 .
although the arms embargo issue cast a shadow over the china - eu summit , the two sides still signed a number of trade and other agreements at the summit .
both China and the European Union claim that these agreements strengthen each other &apos;s &quot; strategic partnership . &quot;
in a joint statement issued after the summit meeting with Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao , the EU said : &quot; the EU side confirmed its political will to continue its efforts to lift the embargo . &quot;
the statement pointed out that the chinese delegation " welcomes this positive message and considers it beneficial to the sound development of the extensive strategic partnership between china and the eu . "
at a press conference after the summit , Wen Jiabao did not hide his displeasure . he said the embargo " does not reflect the partnership between china and the eu . "
Wen Jiabao said : " this embargo is the result of the cold war and does not reflect the current situation , still less the partnership between china and the eu . "
some eu countries , led by france , have pushed for the lifting of the arms embargo , claiming it is outdated .
without amending and strengthening relevant eu laws , insightful eu people worry that lifting the embargo may open the floodgates for arms sales , thus contributing to china 's military strength .
Dutch prime minister Backnan said : " I explained the eu 's intention to lift the embargo , but i also pointed out that lifting the ban is related to adjusting the norms of arms export behavior . "
preliminary Study : folic Acid May Lead to Breast Cancer , but Inconclusive
according to a new health study , a vitamin B " folic acid " commonly taken by pregnant women to prevent fetal abnormalities increases the risk of breast cancer .
but the researchers said their findings may have been accidental because other studies have shown folic acid actually reduces the risk of breast cancer , so they called on pregnant women to continue taking this tonic .
folic acid naturally occurs in dark leafy vegetables and is known in the medical profession to be an important contributor to embryonic development .
researchers at Bristol and Aberdeen universities in the united kingdom tracked 3,000 women who had taken 5 milligrams or 0.2 milligrams of folic acid or placebo during pregnancy in the 1960 s , mostly during their second and third trimesters .
the report , published in the british medical journal , pointed out that as of september 2002 , women who had taken five milligrams of folic acid were twice as likely to develop breast cancer as those taking placebo alone .
researcher Ness stressed that this result is only &quot; preliminary ... the purpose of which is to point the way for further research . &quot;
he said : " it is entirely possible that this is an accidental result . therefore , before we reach any conclusion , we must do further scientific research to examine the relevance of this relationship , if it exists . "
Ness said women planning to become pregnant should still take folic acid supplements .
he said that there was a considerable gap between the current dose proposal and the &quot; experimental dose . &quot;
according to the uk health guidelines , women who wish to become pregnant and are in the first trimester of pregnancy should take 0.4 milligrams of folic acid per day , which is more than 10 times less than the dose taken by women in the above study .
the mood of the two candidates in Ukraine &apos;s presidential reelection is very different
the two opponents , who will meet in ukraine 's presidential re - election on the 26 th of this month , are now ready to face off against each other .
pro-Western opposition leader Yushenko was confident of winning the election , while pro-Moscow incumbent prime minister Yanukovych said he would no longer run on behalf of the &quot; shameful &quot; ruling party .
at the same time , russian president Putin changed his attitude toward ukraine 's accession to the european union , saying he was happy with ukraine 's eu accession .
when asked how many percent of the votes he expected to win in the reelection , Yushenko told reporters at the press conference that " conservatively speaking , i should have received about 60 percent of the votes . "
on the other hand , Yanukovych , whose anxiety could be seen on the outside , evaded the reporters several times and answered the reporters ' questions directly . in the end , he only said one thing : " in accordance with the emperor 's wishes , we will win . "
Yanukovych , who was originally groomed by incumbent president Kuchma as heir apparent , has changed course and positioned himself as a candidate to confront the opposition party and the ruling party .
&quot; I used to trust cowards and traitors who worked under the government , but now I &apos;m disappointed , &quot; he said , almost directly by name . &quot; this government is a disgrace . &quot;
Kuchma and the opposition parties exchanged terms to transfer some of the presidential power to the parliament by amending the law in order to end the two weeks of major opposition protests and political chaos that have lasted since the november 21 presidential runoff election .
Yanukovych , who was originally victorious , was also declared invalid by the supreme court on the grounds of widespread fraud in the election process and had to be re-elected .
Powell 's last visit to the hague to do his best for european - american harmony
US secretary of state Colin Powell held talks with senior eu officials today , the last time during his tenure that he has done his utmost to unite the united states and europe .
Powell 's european trip is aimed at repairing the diplomatic damage caused to the two sides by the iraq war , and the hague is his last stop .
Powell 's trip may be his last official overseas visit during his term of office , and the eu promised him that the eu will make progress toward defusing the tense relations between the two sides before us president bush visits europe in february next year .
however , differences still exist between the two sides .
foreign minister bault of the netherlands , which holds the rotating eu presidency , said : " we must strengthen bilateral dialogue during president bush 's second term and return to a common position . "
EU foreign commissioner madam Wardner said that she believes europe and the united states have made progress in " putting behind them the difficult times of the iraq crisis , " but she also recognizes that the present is " a critical moment in european - us relations . "
Bush will fly to Brussels on february 22 next year to meet with leaders of the european union and the north Atlantic treaty organization .
Powell said bush 's trip was aimed at repairing the cracks in relations caused by the iraq factor .
Powell has visited Sofia and Brussels during his european tour , but there has been limited progress in improving relations .
in Brussels in particular , Powell criticized the refusal of six NATO countries opposed to the war to participate in the iraq training mission , which has damaged the " credibility and unity " of the allies .
however , Powell still insisted that his meeting activities have demonstrated the united states ' commitment to fully resume diplomatic relations .
Romanian president - elect faces challenges in forming government
Romania 's opposition candidate Basescu won a fierce presidential election today , but the center-right mayor of Bucharest is likely to face a huge challenge in forming a new government due to the splintering of parliamentary parties .
according to the final official results announced by the Romanian Central Election Commission today , Basescu , a candidate of the &quot; Justice and Truth Alliance , &quot; won 51.23 percent of the votes , and his opponent , Prime Minister Nastas , won 48.77 percent of the votes .
Nastas admitted defeat and congratulated barshes .
outgoing President Iliescu has also congratulated Basiescu .
Nastas said that his social democratic party will assist Basescu to allow romania to smoothly join the european union .
the social democrats won congressional elections on the 28th of last month .
Basescu said at the press conference , &quot; Today , my top priority is to form a government capable of continuing negotiations on Romania &apos;s accession to the European Union as soon as possible . &quot; Romania must work hard to meet the requirements for accession to the European Union .
he stressed : the Romanian people should know what price they will pay for this integration , and the whole country should unite as one to ensure that romania will not have any voices questioning this integration .
Romania has completed the eu accession negotiations and is scheduled to join the eu in january 2007 .
Basescu also made the fight against poverty , the fight against corruption and ensuring the independence of the judiciary high on his agenda .
Oliver Stone wants to make peace with Turkey .
film director Oliver stone today took the opportunity of his visit to Istanbul to promote the new film " Alexander " to try to make up with turkey .
his classic film " midnight express " script was criticized for tarnishing turkey 's image .
in an exclusive interview here , he told afp : " I never thought this script would be hostile to turkey . this script is to oppose unfair behavior in various places . "
Turkish public opinion has been condemning stone since the 1978 premiere of the winning film .
the film is based on Billy Hayes &apos; memoir .
Hays , an american youth , was arrested at Istanbul airport for attempting to smuggle hashish from turkey and sentenced to 30 years ' imprisonment in turkey after lengthy legal proceedings .
Turkish critics accused stone of arbitrarily turning Hayes 's original book into a racially discriminatory play in which every Turkish character is portrayed as a villain .
the film is also full of horrific scenes of prison rape and abuse .
stone admitted : " perhaps because he was young at that time , and also because he wanted to express his argument too much and expressed it too strongly , there was a little fanaticism and a little anger . "
however , he added , " Hayes was sodomized in a Turkish prison . he was sentenced to 30 years in prison for a relatively minor crime and was cruelly treated in prison . therefore , everything is based on the facts . "
stone said : " on a more general level , turkey is not the only country with an imperfect prison system . the united states also has similar problems . "
Japan 's economic growth may slow down next year
as the appreciation of the Japanese yen and the widening gap between rich and poor may undermine the harmonious atmosphere enjoyed in the first half of this year , japan 's economy may slow down and enter 2005 .
after a decade of stagnation , high profits by manufacturers and strong consumer spending have restored confidence in japan this year , but analysts point their hope of supporting economic growth to china , despite rising political tensions between japan and china .
evidence is gradually emerging that the Japanese economy may decline briefly in early 2005 , particularly if industrial production continues to decline while manufacturers adjust their inventories to avoid overstocking .
according to the new statistics adopted recently , japan 's economy actually shrank slightly in the first quarter of april - june and grew by only 0.1 percent in the first quarter of july - september , just escaping the technical recession .
at present , economists still have very different views on the strength of the rebound of the Japanese economy .
Bailey bank of france researchers estimate that the real growth rate of japan 's economy can reach 2.3 percent in the current fiscal year to march next year and the next fiscal year .
they called 2005 the &quot; Year of Recovery , &quot; on the grounds that the US economy had stably returned to the path of recovery and that Japanese consumer spending compensated for the slowdown in exports .
another more pessimistic view is that economists at the UFJ institute estimate that the growth rate for the current fiscal year will be only 1.8 percent , and the growth rate for the next fiscal year will be even lower at 0.6 percent .
they cite &quot; potential risks , &quot; meaning that a firm &apos;s profits do not lead to an increase in an individual &apos;s income .
French foreign minister : Middle east peace progress to test french - us relations
French foreign minister Barnier said after meeting with us secretary of state Powell today that resuming the middle east peace talks would " test " their transatlantic relations .
after the death of palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , france called for the speedy convening of an international seminar to push forward the Israeli - palestinian peace process . however , when Barnier and Powell concluded their meeting , there were no signs of reaching an agreement .
Barnier flew from Paris to washington for lightning talks with Powell and his designated successor , national security adviser Condoleezza rice , before moving to Brussels for a european union summit .
Paris and washington agreed to mend strained relations between the two countries after the united states invaded iraq last year , but differences between the two countries in resolving the middle east deadlock remain evident .
Barnier said after a brief meeting between the US State Department and Powell : &quot; we hope to improve future relations between France and the United States , as well as between Europe and the Americas . &quot;
he said : &quot; I think the test of the core of the relationship lies in our ability to push forward the peace process between Palestine and Israel . &quot;
Barnier earlier this week called for an early convening of an international middle east seminar to take advantage of what he called a " window of opportunity " after Arafat 's death last month .
however , Powell was still unwilling to make a commitment .
he said the two men talked about britain 's plan to hold a conference with palestinian participation , but did not mention whether a broader international conference would be held .
US officials have stated that their primary task is to promote peace on the ground between Israel and palestine and to ensure the smooth conduct of palestinian elections next month .
the election will produce a leader who can control islamic militants and resume talks between Israel and palestine .
Machimura proposes FTA talks between japan and south korea in january next year
Japanese Foreign Minister Nobutaka Machimura proposed today that Japan and South Korea start negotiations early next January on the signing of a free trade agreement ( FTA ) .
Machimura said in talks with south Korean foreign minister ban ki - moon in Shizuku city , Kagoshima prefecture , south korea , that the two sides should resume talks as soon as possible because Tokyo and Seoul authorities hope to sign a free trade agreement before the end of the five - year period in Ertaung , according to JIJI news agency .
prior to Machimura 's talks with ban ki - moon , Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi and south Korean president Roh Moo - hyun held a summit meeting on 17 july , during which Roh Moo - hyun urged Tokyo authorities to be cautious on the issue of economic sanctions against north korea .
Prime minister Koizumi is under intense public pressure to punish north korea for abducting several Japanese nationals during the cold war .
after Japanese researchers concluded last week that the remains provided by Pyongyang authorities to prove the death of the two hostages were not the remains of the victims , the families of the victims of the kidnapping were furious .
in addition to the abduction issue , Koizumi and Roh Moo - hyun agreed that the six - party talks aimed at preventing north korea from developing nuclear weapons should resume as soon as possible .
since the clandestine development of north korea 's nuclear weapons program triggered a confrontation in oigata in october 2002 , the three previous rounds of six - party talks have not yielded concrete results .
North korea then boycotted the fourth round of six - party talks originally scheduled for september this year .
the six parties to the six - party talks are south korea , north korea , the united states , china , japan and russia .
Thai prime minister Thaksin is still expected to win next february 's general election
Thai prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra was confident that he would win a second four - year term at the age of five , but his reputation had been tarnished by his failure to quell the bloody separatist insurgency .
Thaksin and his political opponents are actively preparing for national elections scheduled for february 6 next year , and most analysts believe he is expected to win despite serious violence and bird flu outbreaks in the south this year .
a total of 12 people died of bird flu in Thailand this year . bird flu epidemic swept through most parts of Asia . however , Thailand is particularly serious . the Thai government admitted that it had &quot; made mistakes &quot; in handling the epidemic .
however , this health issue is unlikely to keep Thaksin out of re - election , and in contrast , many are only asking how far he will win , and what significance his victory will have for the muslim insurgency in the southern provinces .
" the phenomenon here is that no matter what you think of Thaksin , he currently enjoys broad popular support , " chairman of the senate foreign relations committee Crisack told afp .
he said , &quot; But next year the situation will begin to break down , if you look at the accumulation of wealth ( of his family and those around him ) , social injustice and violence . &quot;
it is precisely because of social injustice and violence that unrest broke out in the most muslim - majority areas in the southernmost part of Thailand , and sporadic insurgency incidents have occurred continuously since january .
since january this year , muslim militants have targeted Buddhists , government officials , and security forces in gun battles . they have also carried out bomb attacks and beheading operations . so far , more than 560 people have been killed and another 100 are missing .
Palestinian cabinet secretary alleges Arafat was poisoned about a year ago
Abu Dlaman , secretary to the cabinet of the late palestinian leader Arafat , revealed that Arafat was poisoned when he received a delegation of supporters at his Ramallah headquarters a year ago .
Abdullah told Al-Hayat : " about a year ago , something strange happened to Arafat , which happened on september 25 , 2003 .
at that time , the chairman shook hands with about 30 supporting deputies one by one , and afterwards the chairman developed vomiting .
after that , the chairman &apos;s health began to deteriorate gradually . &quot;
Arafat died of unknown illness in a french hospital on november 11 .
some senior palestinian officials believe that Arafat was poisoned .
however , french doctors said there was no medical basis for the allegation .
two weeks before Abdullah 's alleged delegation visited Arafat , Israeli prime minister Sharon 's cabinet made a decision to remove Arafat from office , but did not specify the means to be used .
the Israeli threat triggered a wave of world support for Arafat , who received several groups of supporters ' delegations for this purpose .
Abdullah recalled that " Arafat shook hands with these people . they came to express their support to Arafat , who was besieged by Israel . "
on 25 september last year , Arafat successively received two groups , one of which was a global group of free riders advocating peace , and the other was a group of political activists .
Abu Dlaman pointed out that " october 12 this year was Arafat 's last illness with the same symptoms of vomiting , loss of appetite , and similar symptoms of catching a cold . "
Bush admits Iraqi military training to be strengthened , Rumsfeld
US president bush admitted today that Iraqi troops are not ready to replace us troops and warned that the general election scheduled for january 30 next year will not be the end of a serious insurgency in iraq .
at an hour - long news conference , bush also expressed his support for defense secretary Rumsfeld , firmly believing that the pentagon chief " did his job well . "
Bush said he vowed to continue his cooperation with russian president Vladimir Putin despite sometimes serious disagreements and said it was time to move toward ending the conflict in the middle east .
he also believes that the best way to deal with the problems of Iraq and North Korea , the surviving members of the &quot; axis of evil , &quot; is through diplomatic compromises between many countries .
after a series of car bomb attacks occurred in Najaf and Kabala , two major holy cities of the islamic shiite religion in iraq yesterday , killing 66 people and injuring more than 200 others , bush admitted that the insurgency had cost the Iraqi people their lives , but he insisted that the general election be held as usual in january .
Bush warned the American people that the election in Iraq &quot; is only the beginning of the political process , &quot; and warned &quot; I certainly do not think the process will be smooth sailing . &quot;
Bush also acknowledged that the Iraqi national security forces ' training results have been mixed .
he said , &quot; They ( Iraqi troops ) will escape from the battlefield when there is fierce fighting at certain times . &quot;
he said it was unacceptable that such Iraqi troops would never be able to protect national security .
however , he believes that after a long period of training by the us military , the training of Iraqi troops will yield results .
White house : Iraqi insurgents trying to sabotage election doomed to failure
in response to a midday rebel attack on a us military base restaurant in Mosul , a major city in northern iraq , killing 22 us and Iraqi troops and injuring more than 60 others , white house spokesman McClellan said that terrorist activities by Iraqi insurgents will become more rampant as the Iraqi elections advance , but these " enemies of freedom " will certainly be eliminated .
reports from iraq pointed out that a single huge explosion occurred in the dining room of the us military base at noon while officers and men were eating , causing heavy casualties .
the Iraqi interim government is scheduled to hold its first election since the fall of Hussein 's regime on january 30 .
the united states has sent nearly 20,000 additional troops to protect iraq 's security during the election period .
during the election period , the total number of us troops in iraq will reach 150,000 .
McClellan said that the closer to the election , the more terrorist attacks will be made by the loyal rebels who support Saddam Hussein in an attempt to undermine the transitional government . they want to go back to the past , but &quot; they will be wiped out , they are being wiped out . &quot;
regarding a recent poll showing that 56 percent of the american people think the iraq war is " an unworthy war , " 57 percent do not agree with the way president bush handled the iraq situation , and 52 percent think defense secretary Rumsfeld should step down . McClellan said president bush will not dance to the polls .
" the poll is a one - time figure , and we are continuing our work in the light of the progress made in iraq . "
Philippine politician Poe funeral mourns mourners
a large number of Filipino fans attended the funeral of the country 's most famous movie star Poe today , and the ceremony was conducted under tight security measures for fear of riots .
the 65 - year - old Poe was defeated in the presidential election .
the coffin containing Poe 's body was escorted by a group of mourners and carried by two white horse - drawn wagons through the streets of the capital manila .
a large number of riot police were deployed around the palace to guard against riots by pro-Poo people .
these people accused president Arroyo of fraud in the may 10 presidential election .
the army also raised its alert following intelligence reports of an impending coup to topple Arroyo and replace her with Poe &apos;s widow , Roses .
but the funeral ended peacefully , with fans shouting Poe &apos;s initials FPJ and waving campaign posters he had used .
Poe died of a stroke on december 14 .
as the hearse wound its way to the cemetery , weeping women and children threw flowers at the coffin .
as justice minister Gonzalez warned that some people might stir up trouble at the funeral , the Maracanan palace , which is adjacent to the funeral route , used large ship containers as barricades .
Gonzalez said there had been " reliable intelligence reports " that some people had conspired to use burial and burial opportunities to incite the people to oppose the government .
however , lieutenant colonel Baskerva , spokesman for the armed forces , said that the coup plot had apparently vanished after the military deployed troops to guard important areas .
Arroyo later left the Malakanan palace to greet the local military police .
Armitage warns Syria to cooperate with united states on iraq - Lebanon issue
US deputy secretary of state Armitage warned Syria today that the future development of Damascus - washington relations depends on Syria 's willingness to cooperate with the united states on the iraq and Lebanon issues .
Armitage once again put more pressure on Syria when interviewed by reporters from arab countries .
the state council earlier announced the content of the interview .
asked if Israel expected continued tension between the united states and Syria , Armitage replied : " naturally , i hope the relations will improve , but it depends on what the ( Syrian president ) Ahmed 's gang will do . "
the second - in - command of the us state department pointed out that Damascus should implement resolution 1559 passed by the un security council in september this year and stop all intervention in neighboring Lebanon at an early date .
Armitage said that Syria 's actions " are not against the united states , but against the entire international community . "
when the un security council discusses whether the un peacekeeping force will continue to stay in Lebanon in january next year , will the united states refer the issue of Syria 's refusal to cooperate to discussion ? Armitage replied : " it is very likely that we will do so . "
on the iraq issue , Armitage admitted that Damascus has indeed taken some actions that meet the expectations of the united states , such as stepping up border patrols with iraq and blocking sources of rebel funds .
however , he also pointed out that Syria &quot; needs to do more . &quot;
AIT and Peking Association today signed a tenancy agreement for the new Neihu Building
the united states in Taiwan association ( AIT ) today signed a lease with the north american affairs coordination committee for the new inner lake building , which is being designed to handle business in a safe and modern environment , said paal , director of the Taipei office of the american in Taiwan association .
at noon , paal signed a 99 - year lease with Chen Chung , secretary general of the coordination committee for north american affairs , at the grand Hyatt hotel in Taipei as the site for the new office building of the american association in Taiwan .
the witnesses were GE tianhao , deputy director of the Taipei office of the us association for Taiwan affairs ; liu shanshan , deputy secretary general of the coordination committee for north american affairs ; and Chen Tangshan , foreign minister .
the american association in Taiwan was established in accordance with the Taiwan relations act to handle informal relations between the united states and the people of Taiwan . it has an office in Taipei and Kaohsiung .
in his speech , paal said that the us association in Taiwan has been working with the north american affairs coordination committee and the Taipei city government since at least 10 years ago to find a piece of land to build a new office building for the us association in Taiwan .
he said : at present , the office on shun yi road looks old and out of space .
moving to the new office building will be a challenge for the Taiwan association of the united states , which can concentrate its offices in various parts of Taipei city and handle business in a safe and modern environment .
he said that the new building is being planned and designed , hoping to become a building that will add color to Taiwan and become the pride of Taipei residents .
after the completion of the planning and design , tenders will be invited for the construction contract , and construction will start after the builders have made a decision . it is hoped that the ground will be broken in the next few years .
Shi tuxiu , spokesman for the american association in Taiwan , said that the entire building , including all the expenses of land rent and architectural design , is estimated to be about 160 million us dollars . whether or not it will be completed in 2008 needs to be weighed against many factors , and the sooner the better .
thousands of believers rushed to Bethlehem for Christmas Eve Mass .
thousands of believers are gathering in Bethlehem on the west bank of the Jordan river to prepare for Christmas eve mass .
meanwhile , Fatah , the mainstream faction of the palestinian liberation organization , appears to be expected to defeat Hamas in the palestinian local elections held yesterday .
with regard to the violent clashes , three young Palestinians were killed in a gunfight between Israeli forces and Palestinian gunmen in Gaza .
Israeli settlers blocked a main road in protest against mortar attacks on the settlements .
Palestinian liberation leader Mahmoud Abbas has also been allowed to travel to the west bank town of Bethlehem , the first time in the past four years that Israeli authorities have allowed important palestinian leaders to participate in Christmas celebrations .
after the late palestinian leader Arafat returned to the palestinian region in 1994 , he was often a guest at Bethlehem 's midnight mass , but Arafat has been besieged by Israeli troops at Arafat 's headquarters in Ramallah since the beginning of december of the year .
Jerusalem 's latin elder Sabah left jerusalem later this afternoon on a traditional trip to the manger square in Bethlehem , where thousands of Christians and onlookers had already gathered .
Saba is scheduled to deliver a speech to thousands of followers at the midnight mass in the church of the Nativity .
by noon , the manger square was already crowded with believers holding Christmas balloons , who were constantly shuttling in and out of the church . a Christmas tree outside the church was dotted with lights and various ornaments .
in particular , the Israeli authorities relaxed travel restrictions to facilitate the travel of Christians from the Gaza Strip , the West Bank and Israel to Bethlehem for Christmas Eve Mass .
Putin said the acquisition of Yukos ' main assets was aimed at protecting national interests
Russian president Vladimir Putin said today that russia 's acquisition of the main assets of russian oil giant Yukos was aimed at protecting national interests and was the first post - soviet renationalization operation .
at a year-end news conference held in the Kremlin , Putin , referring to the acquisition of Yukansk oil and gas company , a Yukos subsidiary , by the russian state oil company , said , " russia is now using absolutely legal market mechanisms to protect its national interests .
I think this is completely normal . "
Russia 's state - owned oil company today became the new owner of the Yugansk oil and gas company after acquiring the Baikal financial group , which was previously awarded the Yugansk oil and gas company at a secret auction .
Russia 's state - owned oil company abruptly announced earlier last night that it had acquired 100 percent of the previously unknown Baikal financial group .
the acquisition gave the Kremlin firm control over russia 's vital energy industry .
Russian authorities have been attacking Yukos and its founder , billionaire Khodorkovsky , for nearly 18 months .
Russia 's state - owned oil company is in the process of merging with russia 's state - owned gas company . together with the Yugansk oil and gas company , the three companies will control one - fifth of russia 's total oil production and all natural gas production , making them the largest energy group in the world at one stroke .
Putin defended today 's state takeover by attacking the privatization black box operation in the 1990 s .
as a result of the privatization measures at that time , the most precious assets of the russian economy fell into the hands of a handful of exquisite businessmen such as Khodorkovsky .
Baikal financial group made an earlier bid of 9.35 billion us dollars for the control of the Yugansk oil and gas company .
Yushchenko announces victory in ukraine presidential election
Yushchenko 's supporters gathered again today in independence square in central Kiev to celebrate the victory of opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko over incumbent prime minister Viktor Yanukovych in a revote in the presidential election , according to preliminary election results .
Yushchenko , 50 , told the crowd gathered in the square : " this is the only clean political victory . "
he said : " this is a noble victory . the people have shown their strength . the Ukrainian people have courageously stood up against what may be the most perverse regime in eastern european countries . today , the Ukrainian country and people have won victory . "
he said : " for 14 years , we have been independent but not free . "
Yushchenko also said , &quot; Today Ukraine has begun a new political era .
the era of ( outgoing president ) Kuchma , ( former Kuchma ) Kravjuk and ( current prime minister ) Yanukovych has entered history . &quot;
Ukranian opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko led his opponent , incumbent prime minister Viktor Yanukovych , by 16 percentage points in a fresh vote in the historic presidential election , the central election commission ( CEC ) said Tuesday , citing results from more than half of the constituencies .
the central committee of ukraine said that the pro - western Yushchenko obtained 56.33 percent of the votes and the pro - russian Yanukovych obtained 39.86 percent .
the statistics were based on the results of 50.96 percent of the votes cast in ukraine .
Ukraine has more than 33,000 polling stations nationwide .
in addition , according to exit polls released earlier , Yushchenko led Yanukovych by 15 to 20 percentage points .
Japan tries telecommuting to reduce office stress
Japan 's ministry of general affairs began to launch an advanced internet program today . it is hoped that by 2010 , 20 percent of the Japanese labor force will be able to carry out " telecommuting " work from home through such a program to reduce stress and family breakdown caused by office life .
an official from the ministry of general affairs said that at present , about 4 million Japanese , or 6 percent of the total labor force of 63.2 million in japan , are using science and technology to work outside the office .
beginning in january , six staff members of the ministry of general affairs will not need to enter the office at least one day a week and will be able to work through high - speed internet service at home , university , or library .
depending on the response , the ministry of general affairs will expand the scope of this advanced program to all 2,500 employees of the ministry of general affairs , and 20 percent of the employees will be able to work at home by 2006 .
the official from the ministry of general affairs said that the plan , which allows employees to meet through internet chat rooms and electronic videoconferencing , hopes to " increase the efficiency of the workplace . "
telecommuting , he said , would allow workers to spend more time with their families and enable family members to help with more housework .
he said the scheme would also reduce traffic congestion , including vehicle emissions and overcrowded trams at peak hours .
he said that the goal of the plan is to " increase the ratio of telecommuters in japan to 10 percent by 2005 and further increase it to 20 percent by 2010 by encouraging the sharing of telecommuting technology with private enterprises . "
pentagon launches unprecedented relief operation for Asian tsunami victims
the pentagon said today that it has launched its largest ever rescue operation to assist tsunami victims in asia , including mobilizing two aircraft carrier battle groups , 20 aircraft , including reconnaissance planes and supply planes , and tens of thousands of personnel .
Lieutenant admiral Hicks , spokesman for the pentagon , said : following the tsunami disaster that killed more than 80,000 people on the 26th , the us military is facing the challenge of launching simultaneous operations in several regions .
" this is one of the largest humanitarian relief operations in the history of the pentagon , " he told afp .
Lieutenant general Conway , officer in charge of military operations at the joint chiefs of staff , said they were seeking to assess the scale of the disaster and had sent disaster relief assessment teams to Thailand , Sri lanka and indonesia .
the pentagon said that it has dispatched 20 planes to south asia , including six c - 130 transport planes carrying water and grain , five KC - 135 air refueling planes , and nine P3 reconnaissance planes .
the Pentagon also mobilizes the USS Lincoln and USS Richards and their ships .
Conway said that the " Lincoln " battle group and its 12 helicopters and 9,000 personnel had already travelled from Hong kong to the bay of Siam and would eventually be deployed off the coast of somalia .
the " Richards , " with 25 helicopters , 2,100 marines and 1,400 sailors on board , has left guam and is expected to arrive in the bay of bengal before january 7 next year .
the pentagon has decided to mobilize another five ships from guam and two ships capable of producing fresh water from the Diego Garcia base in the indian ocean .
Conway said the us rescue operation will be conducted from the Thai Utapau base in the gulf of Siam .
Argentina &apos;s capital nightclub fires kill at least 169 , injuring 375
a fire at a nightclub in central buenos aires killed at least 169 people and injured 375 , city officials said Tuesday .
at the time of the fire , the nightclub was crowded with about 2,000 young people celebrating the end of the school year .
city health chief Stein pointed out that the aforesaid casualty statistics are not final figures .
Argentine interior minister Fernandez told reporters outside the still smoldering nightclub , " this is a disaster ! this is a disaster ! " and warned that the death toll is only provisional .
Stein pointed out that at least 375 people , including 18 police officers , were injured in the flames .
Stein said the downtown discotheque caught fire before midnight on the 30th , when about 2,000 young people took part in a rock concert in the discotheque .
Buenos aires mayor Ibarra said there were no confirmed reports of fires following fireworks thrown during the concert .
Ibarra told today 's news television station , " it was a terrible night . "
as firefighters tried their best to put out the fire , the bodies of the victims were discharged into the streets .
hundreds of police and firefighters mixed with frightened young people and anxious parents frantically searching for their children were in chaos outside the burning disco ballroom early this morning .
UN : it takes weeks for relief supplies to reach victims in Aceh
the United Nations said today that urgently needed relief supplies will not be delivered to tsunami victims in isolated areas of the Indonesian province until &quot; a few weeks . &quot;
US navy helicopters arrived in greater Aceh , the capital of Aceh province , today , with more and more field hospitals operating in the city and a large number of relief supplies arriving at the airport one after another .
however , Amquist , head of the united nations humanitarian coordination office in indonesia , told reporters that because of coordination and infrastructure problems , relief supplies could not be delivered quickly .
after returning to the capital Jakarta in the arrogant city of Aceh , Emquist told reporters by telephone that " it will take us several weeks before relief supplies can reach all isolated areas . "
he said : &quot; this is a worrisome issue . we are doing everything we can to establish a material distribution system in Greater Aceh . &quot;
the united nations and other relief organizations have warned that residents in indonesia 's Sumatra - stricken areas could die within days if they do not have immediate access to clean water and food supplies and medical treatment .
when asked whether the delay in delivery was tantamount to sentencing some tsunami victims to death , Emquist replied : " I hope not . I hope the victims can manage to get food and water , but this is obviously not what we would like . "
he said : " this is a very serious situation . we can only hope that there is the possibility of speeding up the action . "
Japan offers 500 million us dollars in disaster relief , ranking first among all countries
Japan today pledged 500 million us dollars in aid to the countries affected by the indian ocean tsunami . at a time when various countries are scrambling to help the victims of the worst disaster in the world , japan ranks first among all countries in this aid , bringing the total amount of relief and reconstruction funds pledged so far by the international community to 1.6 billion us dollars .
Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi issued a statement saying that japan , asia 's largest economy , will also consider providing more aid , including money and technology .
he said : " Japan will do its utmost to provide assistance in three areas : financial resources , knowledge and technology , and human resources . "
he said : &quot; Japan will initially give 500 million US dollars in donations to the affected countries and relevant international organizations as emergency assistance in response to the disaster . &quot;
Koizumi also said he would attend a meeting of world leaders in Jakarta , the capital of indonesia , on the 6 th to discuss the issue of assistance to countries affected by the tsunami .
after us president bush was criticized for his slow response to the human catastrophe , the us government yesterday increased the amount of aid promised tenfold to 350 million us dollars .
China , which has long been regarded as increasingly interested in challenging japan 's influence in asia , has also pledged $ 60.5 million in aid , a large amount for developing countries .
Koizumi said : " Japan will mobilize helicopters and personnel of the fire department to make more contributions .
Japan will also consider sending more forces as soon as possible , including using aircraft , warships , and personnel of the Japanese self - defense forces . "
Japan had originally pledged 30 million us dollars to assist the tsunami-affected countries .
a foreign ministry spokesman said that Koizumi 's 500 million us dollars also included this 30 million us dollars .
who : 50 groups to provide medical aid to indonesia
fifty aid groups have arrived in the Indonesian province to provide medical assistance to tsunami - stricken survivors , the world health organization ( who ) said Tuesday .
who representative Peterson of indonesia said the who is trying to coordinate all groups and has met with them this afternoon .
Peterson said coordination was difficult because many groups had already gone directly to Aceh to provide relief .
in a telephone interview in Jakarta , Peterson said : " we are trying to sort things out . each group has just arrived , but each group has also indicated that they are very willing to cooperate . "
Peterson reiterated that the main concern of the who is to prevent outbreaks of diseases such as cholera and dysentery , which may cause tens of thousands of deaths .
Peterson said , &quot; We are very worried because many of us are homeless and they do not have enough clean water or proper food .
so the conditions for the outbreak of infectious diseases have been met . &quot;
however , Peterson stressed that so far , there are no signs of these diseases .
the Indonesian health ministry said the death toll in Sumatra could be as high as 100,000 , with most of the victims in Aceh province .
since most medical facilities in Aceh province have been destroyed , the Indonesian military and the governments of Singapore and australia have set up at least eight field hospitals in the past week , and the united nations children 's fund has also started distributing basic medical kits to assist 200,000 children .
Powell predicts Shia election victory in iraq
US secretary of state Powell predicted today that the Shia will win the upcoming Iraqi general election , but he also believed that because there was no past rapprochement between the Shia in iraq and the Shia in iran , there is no need to worry too much that a Shia victory may increase iran 's influence in iraq .
there are increasing indications that Sunni muslims may boycott the general election on january 30 and may be barred from participating in the election by the relevant Iraqi authorities for spreading insurgency .
Powell said in the " meet the press " program of the us national broadcasting corporation : " the new government to be in power , the transitional parliament , will have a Shia majority .
the majority of the Iraqi population is also Shia . &quot;
Shia muslims make up more than 60 percent of iraq 's population , mostly in the south and central parts of the country .
Sunni people live in the central and western provinces , accounting for 20 percent of the population .
former Foreign Minister Pachachi , who currently leads the Sunni majority &quot; Independent Democratic Party of Iraq , &quot; today called for postponing the election , but Powell said that the Iraqi general election will be held as scheduled .
Powell also said he felt that the Shia - controlled future Iraqi government could not possibly mean that iran would manipulate the Iraqi political situation .
he said : &quot; I now feel that even if there may be Iranian influence - Iran of course will try to influence the Iraqi political situation , but Iran and Iraqi Shia have great differences between each other and there have been serious discord and conflicts in the past . &quot;
wave after wave of international relief efforts are unfavorable to tsunami victims
relief troops from abroad are airdropping food and setting up a clean water supply system in the tsunami - stricken areas of asia to help millions of homeless and famine victims .
according to statistics , the death toll has climbed to nearly 150,000 .
relief supplies from various governments continue to flow , and us president bush entrusted his father bush senior and former president Clinton with the responsibility of collecting donations from the public .
as for the delegation led by us secretary of state Powell , it arrived in Thailand last night just before the crisis summit in the Indonesian capital Jakarta on the 6 th to express us concern and assess the progress of the rescue work .
Powell and his entourage include president bush 's brother , Florida governor Jeb bush , and director of the us international development agency Nacchios .
Powell will lead a delegation to inspect the disasters in Thailand , indonesia , and Sri lanka , and participate in the six - day summit .
Powell said that the purpose of his leading the delegation 's inspection was to assess the disaster situation " and to observe what the united states still needs to do , " but he would not immediately promise more aid in addition to the 350 million us dollars already pledged .
since the disaster occurred , there have been voices of abandoning the search for thousands of tourists whose whereabouts are still unknown , many of whom are foreign tourists .
but Thai Prime Minister Thaksin vowed to continue the search in his country .
Dexin told reporters in Phuket : &quot; foreign experts told me that they ( missing persons ) may be buried in the mud in the mangroves . we will continue to do our best to search without stopping . &quot;
the largest international rescue operation in history is continuing .
Navy helicopters dispatched by the us aircraft carrier " Lincoln " have already carried out the second day of airdrop relief supplies and carrying survivors in the Indonesian province .
rear admiral Claude , commander of the Lincoln , said 50,000 pounds of food and water had been delivered to the disaster area and the mission was " proceeding smoothly . "
political wrestling lurks behind aid for tsunami disaster
while supplies for the Asian tsunami disaster are pouring into the disaster areas , a relatively quiet activity is also under way : governments of various countries are wrangling over which side should contribute , which side should receive assistance , and which side should lead the largest modern relief operation .
the catastrophe , which killed nearly 150,000 people , led to the resumption of old wars , including the discord between the united states , the united nations , and europe , and the struggle for the leading position in asia .
but relief experts remain cautiously hopeful that the global nature of the tsunami , which struck too many countries , may set a precedent : the promised countries will live up to their promises .
Juma , professor of international development at Harvard university 's Kennedy school of government , said : " the aid pledges made by various governments have never been fulfilled 100 percent in a timely manner . "
the aid pledged by various governments has reached as high as $ 2 billion , including un secretary general Kofi Annan , us secretary of state Colin Powell , and other important international political figures , as well as leaders of australia , china , and japan , who will hold a crisis summit in Jakarta on 6 april with strong political significance .
after being accused of being slow to respond , and after senior un relief official Ekilan publicly criticized the rich countries for being " stingy , " us president bush increased us aid nearly tenfold to 350 million us dollars .
in asia , the tsunami disaster triggered a clandestine struggle for regional influence , and china , with increasing confidence , pledged to provide $ 60.5 million in aid , which is a large sum for a developing country .
Japan , which has reduced its foreign aid budget for six years in a row , also quickly smashed the argument that its national strength was declining , promising at least $ 500 million in aid , a figure that dwarfs that of all other countries .
world leaders continue to visit Sri lanka to inspect the disaster situation
Sri Lankan officials said world leaders , including un secretary general Kofi Annan and us secretary of state Colin Powell , have arrived in Sri lanka one after another to learn for themselves about the devastating tsunami that claimed 3600 lives in Sri lanka at the end of last month .
they said Powell had arrived and south Korean prime minister lee Hae-tsan would arrive later in the day .
Powell will visit some of the worst hit areas of the tsunami on december 26 last year , including the southern Galle region where the us marine corps is stationed as a rescue operation , the us embassy said in a press release .
the south Korean embassy said lee Hae-tsan , accompanied by Sri lanka 's prime minister , will visit the western coast .
the statement said : &quot; accompanied by Sri Lankan Prime Minister Rajapakos , the South Korean Prime Minister will visit the West Coast to see for himself the loss of human life , livelihood and property caused . &quot;
Lee Hae-tsan will stay in the hardest-hit Hebantota to oversee relief operations carried out by south Korean nongovernmental and non-governmental organizations .
UN secretary general Kofi Annan is scheduled to arrive in the evening for a two - day visit .
" accompanied by world bank president Wolfensohn , he will visit the devastated areas in the south and east , " un spokesman Samasi said .
who secretary - general lee jong - wook will also arrive in Colombo today .
German foreign minister Fischer is scheduled to arrive in Sri lanka at the weekend .
Sri Lankan officials said that many more world leaders will come in the next few weeks .
these leaders include Canadian prime minister martin , who announced yesterday that he will visit Sri lanka and Thailand later this month .
Bush : US to strengthen peace efforts after palestinian election
US President Bush said today that he was &quot; deeply moved &quot; by the high turnout in the Palestinian general election today . he promised that the United States would intensify its peace efforts .
President bush said in a statement : " Palestinians in the west bank of the Jordan river and gaza region have taken a crucial step toward establishing future democratic politics by electing the chairman of the new self - governing government .
observers of the general election described it as a free and fair election . "
he said : " this is a historic day for the palestinian people and the middle east people . "
exit polls show former prime minister Mahmoud Abbas won the election by a huge margin of two - thirds of the vote .
he will succeed Arafat as chairman of the palestinian self - rule government .
Bush said : " these efforts , including today 's presidential election and the parliamentary election a few months later , are very important for the establishment of a sovereign , independent , democratic , and peaceful palestinian state , which will ensure Israel 's security . "
he said : the us government is looking forward to cooperating with the newly elected president of the palestinian self - government and the palestinian people to promote the great cause of middle east peace .
peace in the middle east is in keeping with the desire of the two peoples of Israel and palestine to live side by side in peace and security .
Bush also called on Israel to help improve humanitarian and economic conditions in the west bank and gaza .
he also said that arab countries must " take concrete steps together with all parties concerned to create a regional environment conducive to peace , give financial support to the palestinian people , and refuse to assist or shelter terrorists . "
Annan 's plan to visit Sri lanka 's rebel-held areas blocked
UN secretary general Kofi Annan said today that he hopes to one day return to Sri lanka and " visit every place in the country . "
Annan concluded a two - day visit to Sri lanka 's tsunami - stricken areas , but reports said the Sri Lankan government had prevented him from visiting the rebellion - held northern region .
asked at a news conference whether the Sri Lankan government had prevented him from visiting rebel - controlled areas of the Tamil Ilan Liberation Tigers , as reported by several national newspapers , Annan said : " I hope to be able to return to visit all parts of the country and help speed up the peace process . "
Annan said that president Kumaratunga was personally opposed to his on - the - spot visit to guerrilla - controlled areas because she feared that the rebels would use his visit as a political bargaining chip .
he said : &quot; I raised the issue of the peace process and the need to strengthen the peace process efforts .
I also discussed this matter with President Kumaratunga . &quot;
Annan 's inability to visit the rebel-held area has aroused the anger of residents of the rebel-controlled northern city of Yafna , where hundreds of people protested in front of the un office .
however , the Sri Lankan government firmly denied the media reports , saying that these media " misled " the matter .
on the other hand , while various circles are making all - out efforts to carry out relief work , Sri lanka 's meteorological department warned that Sri lanka 's coastline may be hit by a typhoon , which is currently forming offshore .
Russian space agency denies rocket fuel causes illness among children
" nature , " a weekly british scientific journal , reported that the highly toxic rocket fuel spilled by russia during the launch of the spacecraft from the Kazakh Bekono space base had caused serious illness among nearby children , but russia 's space agency denied this claim today .
according to a study quoted in today 's issue of the journal Nature , the level of endocrine and blood diseases among residents in polluted areas is twice as high as in normal areas .
the study was carried out by a group of russian scientists led by epidemiologist Nikolai Tikov .
in response , the russian space agency said , " the direct impact of space-related activities on residents ' health has not been confirmed . "
the study , cited in the journal of natural sciences , focused on children in the republic of Altai .
the republic of Altai is situated in a mountainous region on the edge of Siberia .
the Republic of Altai was selected as a research target because it was contaminated by unburned fuel , in particular diamine .
some russian space launch missions used diamine as fuel in the previous stages .
Tikov compared the health records of about 1,000 children in the two polluted areas with those of 3,300 children in the nearby unpolluted control group between 1998 and 2002 .
according to the journal nature sciences , tikov concluded that the proportion of children in the most polluted areas in need of medical care was nearly twice as high as in the unpolluted control group and the treatment time was twice as long .
White House Says Iraq Election Must Be flawed
the White House admitted today that the Iraqi elections scheduled for January 30 &quot; will not be perfect . &quot; meanwhile , two more car bomb attacks occurred in Mosul , Iraq , today , killing at least two Iraqi soldiers .
when asked if White House spokesman McClellan agreed with Iraqi Prime Minister Allawi that violence would prevent voting in some parts of Iraq , McClellan said : &quot; we all recognize that this election will not be perfect . &quot;
he said : " this is the first time that the Iraqi people can freely choose their leaders . this is for the election of a transitional government and is also one of the three elections this year . "
McClellan said : " so we will try our best to assist the Iraqi people and the transitional government to ensure that the upcoming election will involve as many people as possible . "
at least 25 people were killed in a bloody uprising in iraq on the 11 th , six of them killed in a car bomb attack in former president Hussein 's hometown of Tikrit . under the circumstances , Allawi admitted that some parts of iraq would not be able to participate in this month 's elections .
meanwhile , two more car bomb attacks occurred in Mosul , iraq today , killing at least two Iraqi soldiers .
US sergeant sheffer told afp that an unidentified number of people were killed when a truck exploded before attempting to attack a us - Iraqi joint military convoy .
Scheffer said another car parked across the street exploded , killing two Iraqi soldiers .
US trade deficit hits 60 billion us dollars in november
US exports contracted 2.3 percent in november , bringing the trade deficit to a record high of $ 60.3 billion , the commerce department said Tuesday .
the value of us exports fell to a five - month low of only $ 95.6 billion . at the same time , as us oil import orders rose to $ 14.2 billion , an increase of more than $ 2 billion , or 1.3 percent , the value of imports grew by 1.3 percent to $ 155.8 billion , a record high .
the trade balance increased by 7.7% from the 56 billion us dollars revised in october last year and by 50.8% from the 40 billion us dollars in november the year before last year .
according to a CBS Market Watch survey , Wall Street economists predict that the trade deficit in goods and services will shrink to about $ 53.3 billion .
although the weakening of the us dollar has made products produced in the united states cheaper at home and abroad , the us trade deficit has widened .
the commerce department 's report today will put pressure on the us dollar and reiterate its call for washington to do something about us energy independence and resolving the us - china trade imbalance .
the decline in us exports in november last year was due to a decline of $ 1.4 billion in capital goods exports , including a decline of $ 325 million in aircraft and aircraft engine exports .
exports of industrial materials decreased by 800 million us dollars , of which energy was the main source .
exports of cars , consumer goods and food also fell .
Japan defense agency chief : never forget military history respect the dignity of neighboring countries
Koichi Ono , director of japan 's defense agency , said today that when japan adopts a higher international posture , it will not forget the history of militarism and will bear in mind the " dignity " of its Asian neighbors .
asked about the possible unrest caused by Japan sending its Self-Defense Forces to the tsunami-stricken areas in South Asia , Ono said : &quot; when we deal with Southeast Asian countries , we should never forget &quot; the past .
he told reporters : " we must establish a relationship with friendly countries so that we can tell friendly countries that we are kind .
when we look back , we should fully respect the dignity of other countries . "
Ono specifically mentioned that this year marks the 60 th anniversary of the end of world war ii . he said : " we hope to be reborn and cooperate for the new era . "
Ono has just concluded his visit to several tsunami-stricken countries in south asia . he said that he felt the " dignity " of an independent country when the Indonesian leader told him that the relief mission of japan 's self-defense forces ended at the end of march at the latest .
the United Nations has expressed concern over the deadline imposed by the Indonesian government on foreign troops .
foreign troops were well received for their assistance to the most remote tsunami survivors .
nearly 1,000 Japanese self - defense forces are on their way to the tsunami - stricken country on december 26 , killing more than 163,000 people .
this is the largest deployment of japan 's self - defense forces since the end of world war ii .
the us - led post - war constitution of japan stipulates that the SDF should not use force .
political Intervention in NHK Program Contents ? Japanese Media Blasters Debate
it is rumored that because of pressure from politicians , the public - run japan broadcasting company ( NHK ) shrunk its content a few years ago when it broadcast a program about the Japanese army 's forced comfort women in the second world war . liberal media in japan and their conservative colleagues in the same industry have taken this position .
it is alleged that the NHK deleted most of the interview content of the program after discussions with senior political figures , and that most of the interviewees were critics of Japan &apos;s wartime practices and victims of being forcibly held as comfort women . liberal media therefore criticized the NHK practice .
conservative newspapers , however , defended NHK &apos;s decision to modify the content of the programme , arguing that its senior executives had a responsibility to ensure that the content was fair and objective .
the controversy broke out last week , and the key issue was a program broadcast in 2001 on a mock trial for crimes committed by Japanese military consolation women in the war .
the trial was held by a Tokyo women 's rights group in december 2000 and resulted in the conviction of Hirohito , the late Japanese emperor , for allowing the Japanese army to use comfort women during the Japanese occupation of Asian countries that year .
historians say that at least 200,000 young women were forced to work as comfort women in Japanese brothels on the front lines during the war . most of them came from south korea , but some came from Taiwan , china , the philippines , and indonesia .
the producer of the program , Shoichi Ichi , held a tearful news conference on the 13th , revealing that prior to the broadcast of the program , senior NHK officials had met with parliamentary members of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party , Shinzo Abe and Shoichi Nakagawa , who expressed concern over the program 's contents .
according to Nagai , NHK executives then reedited the program and cut back on its content .
&quot; the NHK bowed to political pressure , &quot; he said .
Abe and Nakagawa admitted that they had met with NHK personnel and told them to be &quot; fair , &quot; but categorically denied pressuring the company .
euro zone data shows core inflation under control
economists said today that euro zone economic data released this week will show that core inflation is still under control .
meanwhile , industrial production in the euro zone and consumer spending in france are expected to both decline .
inflation is expected to rise slightly from 2.2 percent in november to 2.3 percent in december when the census and statistics department ( c & sd ) releases inflation figures on Tuesday .
however , the increase largely reflects the increase in the xiang tan tax , and core inflation is expected to remain at 1.9 percent .
the figures for core inflation will be released together with those for consumer prices .
economists pointed out that core inflation , excluding food , energy , beer , and other prices , has remained at between 1.6 percent and 2 percent over the past two years .
European central bank president Jose Trichet said on the 13th that short - term price pressures have recently eased .
although inflation will remain above 2 percent in the next few months , it is likely to drop before the end of the year .
meanwhile , another economist said industrial production in the euro zone , which was released on the 18 th , is also expected to fall in november in view of the slowdown in german growth .
German industrial production fell 1.7 percent in november , while a survey of economists by Agence france - presse 's financial news agency showed euro industrial production would fall 0.4 percent in november after falling 0.5 percent in october .
Bank of america 's Schmeiden said euro zone industrial production is expected to rebound in december .
bureaucratic practices have dealt a second blow to tsunami victims
three weeks after the worst tsunami in history , survivors are now battling bad habits such as bureaucracy and political dominance , while the global spotlight has shifted elsewhere .
thousands of decomposed bodies have been unearthed from the rubble , bringing the death toll from the december 26 tsunami disaster to more than 168,000 . meanwhile , the impending Iraqi general election and president bush 's inauguration ceremony have replaced the tsunami disaster as the headline news in the world media .
Indonesia originally asked foreign troops involved in the humanitarian relief mission to withdraw within three months , but later withdrew the request .
in Thailand , leaders from Canada , Sweden , Norway and Finland are meeting to discuss the reconstruction plan and the identification of the remains .
however , survivors face new difficulties , such as indonesia 's deep - rooted bureaucracy , which hinders the delivery of relief supplies from all over the world .
in a small village near Grand Aceh , capital of Aceh province in Sumatra , Indonesia , fisherman Busredi said : &quot; we look like people who do not exist at all . the tsunami cost us a lot . we lost everything and faced hunger . &quot;
&quot; where did we see the food , clothes and other relief supplies pouring into Aceh on television ? &quot; he said .
Busredi , like thousands of other victims , lost his identity card and other official documents as a result of the tsunami , making his efforts to collect relief supplies a nightmare .
although he pleaded with the officials to go through the formalities every day , the result was the same : he could not get relief supplies .
Zeng Qinghong to visit Zhao Ziyang on his deathbed
Hong kong 's china human rights and democracy movement information center said chinese vice president Zeng Qinghong visited the deposed CPC general secretary Zhao Ziyang before he died of illness this morning .
the information center said that according to Zhao Ziyang 's family , Zeng Qinghong visited him at the beijing hospital at 0600 this morning . he died about an hour later at the age of 85 .
Zhao Ziyang , a former CPC general secretary and prime minister who was ousted in 1989 for opposing the use of force to suppress the Tiananmen square democracy movement , was placed under house arrest and has always been regarded as an unpopular figure by the government .
the information center said that according to Zhao 's family , current premier Wen Jiabao , who used to work under Zhao Ziyang , did not visit him when he was in critical condition .
however , before Zhao Ziyang fell into a coma on 14 april , tian jiyun , a retired member of the central committee who had served as his assistant , visited him .
the china human rights and democracy movement information center has all along maintained contact with the Zhao family , and for many years has issued timely and correct information on Zhao Ziyang 's situation .
the information center said that about 20 retired party , government , and military dignitaries were preparing to send an open letter to the chinese communists calling for reassessment of Zhao Ziyang 's contributions and requesting an open memorial meeting for him .
the center added : Zhao Ziyang 's family will not be allowed to hold or prepare for the funeral , and the party will have to make a final decision on the relevant arrangements .
Zhao Ziyang 's wife Leung Pak - Kei is 86 years old .
the information center said that due to her poor health , she had not been informed of her husband 's death as of this evening .
China urges democracy after Zhao Ziyang 's death
after the death of former CPC leader Zhao Ziyang from illness today , people from all over the world spoke highly of him , while Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi , the Taiwan government , and personages from overseas chinese democratic movements all coincided in calling on beijing to implement Zhao Ziyang 's democratic reform concept .
Zhao Ziyang , who spent the rest of his life under house arrest after being ousted in 1989 for opposing a military crackdown on the Tiananmen square democracy movement , died in a hospital in beijing this morning at the age of 85 .
according to JIJI News Agency , Japanese Prime Minister Koizumi , while paying tribute to Zhao Ziyang , said : &quot; I hope they ( China ) are committed to democratization . &quot;
Taiwan also called on china to carry out democratic and political reforms after Zhao Ziyang 's death .
overseas Chinese democracy activists praised Zhao Ziyang as &quot; one of the greatest reformers in China , &quot; sacrificing his own political life to oppose the bloody suppression of the Tiananmen Democratic Movement .
Lian shengde , former leader of the new york liberal china movement , said : " during his 15 years under house arrest , he openly advocated the need for political reform to move toward the rule of law and democracy .
Zhao Ziyang will be remembered by posterity as a true democrat and a man of principle . &quot;
some democracy activists demanded that the chinese government hold a public funeral for Zhao Ziyang and give a fair appraisal of his achievements .
however , they admitted that Zhao Ziyang is unlikely to receive such a courtesy because the chinese government is worried that people who are dissatisfied with communist rule will use this opportunity to create unrest .
the 1989 academic movement was triggered by the death of reformist leader hu Yaobang .
Xinhua news agency issued a brief report today , saying that comrade Zhao Ziyang 's death from illness in beijing was the only official statement on the matter .
UN : rich countries fail to meet commitments to reduce poverty
in a new report , a un - appointed panel of experts said rich countries that had promised financial assistance to halve extreme poverty in the world by 2015 were not living up to their commitments .
the rich countries of the world have promised to participate in the ambitious &quot; Millennium Development Goals &quot; project of the United Nations to improve the fate of the world &apos;s poor and suffering .
but with more than a billion people living on less than $ 1 a day and 2.7 billion on less than $ 2 a day , un experts say rich countries have little time left to live up to their commitments .
" with the right mobilization of resources and political will , these goals can still be achieved through reforms in developing and developed countries , " said un development program director brown .
according to un experts , 22 rich countries in the world have promised to provide 0.7 percent of their gross domestic product to developing countries , but they currently provide only 0.25 percent .
UN secretary general Annan commissioned development experts led by former Harvard economist Shakespeare to compile this progress report on the goal , which includes eradicating extreme poverty , achieving universal primary education , reducing child mortality , and combating aids and other deadly diseases .
the report said : " the way to a practical solution already exists , the political framework has been established , and the cost is affordable for the first time . at present , there is only a lack of action . "
UN announces establishment of global disaster warning system
the united nations announced that it will set up a global disaster warning system to prevent major natural disasters .
however , after the tragedy of the great tsunami in south asia , the use of that country 's technology in this disaster warning system is still controversial .
United nations experts will set up a global disaster warning system to reduce the damage caused by major natural disasters , according to a joint statement issued after a global conference in kobe , japan .
the major disasters caused by the great tsunami in south asia have caused great indignation among countries around the indian ocean .
Brixinho , director of the international strategy for disaster reduction , said : " this new project will bring peace and security to mankind .
an effective early warning system will protect the lives and safety of millions of people around the world . "
however , most of the united nations ' statement has only the meaning of like a booth .
an unesco official said more important consultations were needed on the disaster warning system .
UNESCO is taking the lead in promoting the establishment of a global disaster warning system .
" at present , several countries have put forward different plans , so we need to work in coordination and cooperation , " said Bernard , director of the unesco 's intergovernmental commission on ocean affairs .
Bernal said that the committee will hold two meetings within 60 days , hoping that the two meetings can decide which country 's tsunami warning system will be adopted .
the venue of one of the meetings is in Paris and the venue of the other has not yet been decided .
Bernal hoped that a decision could be reached in july that the global disaster warning system would be completed by the middle of the six - year period , the target date set by unesco .
HIV infection in beijing increases by 40 percent
Xinhua news agency report of december 1st from beijing ( by staff reporters Zhao xinpei and li Xu ) - the beijing municipal health bureau recently released the latest figures on hiv - infected people in beijing municipality : from 1985 to october 2004 , a total of 2,046 hiv - infected people were reported in beijing municipality , with an average annual increase of 40.6 percent .
according to national statistics on aids , the number of reports of people infected with hiv in beijing ranks eighth in the country .
of the 2,046 cases of hiv infection , 403 were residents of beijing municipality , 1,507 were migrants from other places , 106 were foreigners , and the addresses of 30 cases were unknown .
according to analysis , intravenous drug abuse and sexual transmission are the main causes of aids infection in beijing , intravenous drug abuse and blood supply are the main causes of aids infection among the floating population , and sexual transmission is the main cause of aids infection among foreign personnel .
in order to prevent the further spread of aids , beginning in july 2004 , the center for disease prevention and control in 18 districts and counties of beijing municipality set up free aids consultation rooms and antibody screening laboratories to conduct face - to - face consultations , primary blood screening tests , and epidemiological investigations , and will gradually extend them to hospitals at and above the second level of the municipality .
Ditan hospital and Youan hospital have been designated by the beijing municipal health bureau as the designated hospitals for the free treatment of aids in beijing municipality . they are responsible for the clinical part of the free treatment of aids . the pharmaceutical reagents needed are uniformly organized and centrally purchased by the beijing municipal health bureau and the municipal finance bureau .
the Beijing Municipal Education Commission has studied and formulated the policy of free education for HIV-infected persons and children of patients , as well as the school policy for HIV-infected persons among teenage students .
at present , hospitals with gynecology and obstetrics departments at and above the second level in the city are responsible for free aids consultation and screening . Ditan hospital and Youan hospital are hospitals for the treatment of pregnant women with antiviral drugs .
at present , 1,390 condom vending machines have been installed free of charge in some subdistricts , methadone maintenance treatment has been introduced among injecting drug users , and a pilot clean needle exchange point has been set up .
production capacity of Shanghai power generation equipment leapt to number one in the world
Xinhua news agency report of december 1 from Shanghai ( by staff reporter Jiang wei ) - - with the completion of the commissioning of a 660,000 kilowatt generating unit , the Shanghai turbogenerator company , Ltd. , which belongs to the Shanghai electric power station group , completed its production target of 15 million kilowatt units ahead of schedule on the 1 st , bringing the output and production capacity of Shanghai power station equipment to the first place in the world and fulfilling the long - cherished wish of several generations of chinese equipment manufacturers .
the Shanghai electric power station group is china 's largest manufacturing base for power plant equipment .
in recent years , because china 's demand for power generation equipment has grown by leaps and bounds , generator manufacturers across the country have entered a stage of high growth and great development .
the Shanghai electric power station group integrated the superior resources of steam turbines , power station boilers , and other power station equipment . after accepting four million kilowatt - class thermal power generation units , it obtained production orders for nine heavy - duty gas - fired power generation units and three waste - heat boilers in the form of an overall tender .
at the same time , through integrated operations , the efficiency of enterprise management , technological development , and production has been further enhanced .
at present , the Shanghai electric power plant group has occupied 40 percent of the market share of china 's power plant equipment industry , and is continuously expanding overseas markets in the middle east , southeast asia , south america , and other places .
this year alone , the Shanghai steam turbine company received a sales order worth 6 billion yuan as a mainframe component of power generation equipment .
Zheng Jianhua , president of the Shanghai electric power station group , said : the shortage of electricity this summer has caused a surge in demand for power plant equipment in all parts of the country , and competition in the power plant equipment manufacturing market has become increasingly fierce .
the group is implementing the three major targets of developing and manufacturing one million kilowatts of thermal power , one million kilowatts of gas turbine generating units , and one million kilowatts of nuclear power , so as to achieve the goal of joining the world 's top 500 at an early date .
( Hong kong , Macao and Taiwan ) Hong kong observatory offers new services to wmo website
Xinhua news agency , Hong kong , december 2 , the Hong kong observatory ( HKO ) began providing two new services to the world meteorological organisation ( wmo ) - managed websites of the world weather information service ( WWIS ) and the abominable weather information centre ( abominable weather information centre ( abominable weather information centre ) from december 2 .
a spokesman for the Hong kong observatory said the two new services were to add official global weather observations on cloud cover and rainfall to the website of the world weather information service ( WWIS ) and to the website of the abominable weather information centre ( abominable weather information centre ( abominable weather information centre ) to revisit the past seven days ' tropical cyclone tracks .
these two services are another new service of the Hong kong observatory following the provision of official observations of heavy rain ( including heavy snow ) in various parts of the world to the abominable weather information centre at the beginning of the year .
it is learned that the world weather information service website has always provided official weather forecasts and monthly average climate data for major cities in the world .
the new service provides official global weather observations for the first time and is spearheaded by a global map of cloud cover and rainfall .
the new webpage has wide coverage and high density of weather observations and is regularly updated eight times a day .
the new product of the TSIC website is the rewarming feature for tropical cyclone travel paths .
in the past , it was designed that when a tropical cyclone dissipated , the website would no longer store information such as the position of the tropical cyclone prior to its occurrence .
however , there is often a public interest in obtaining information on a tropical cyclone a few days after it makes landfall .
to this end , the new product stores the tropical cyclone grades , locations and movement paths of the past seven days , enabling the public and the media to obtain the required information a few days after the tropical cyclone has landed and dissipated .
world 's first avian influenza virus H5N1 rapid diagnostic kit reagent kit successfully developed in Shantou
Xinhua news agency report of december 3rd from Shantou ( by staff reporter Zhang Jianwen and Lin junqiang ) - the reporter learned from the Shantou university medical school / Hong kong university medical school 's joint influenza research center that they have worked with Xiamen university for nearly half a year to develop the world 's first rapid diagnosis kit for avian influenza virus H5N1 .
using this rapid detection method to detect specimens of suspected persons , the conclusion of infection with avian influenza virus can be reached within one hour at the earliest .
according to professor Guan yi , director of the Shantou university medical school and the Hong kong university medical school 's joint influenza research center , according to the information currently available , the mortality rate of avian influenza , which is classified as a highly toxic lethal virus , is much higher than that of the SARS virus .
in the past , it took three to five days for the virus to be diagnosed quickly , and more than a week for the virus to be diagnosed late .
the rapid detection technology of avian influenza virus successfully introduced this time uses enzyme - linked immunoassay and gold standard method . it can test specimens , including excreta , nasal and oral secretions , complete virus or lysed virus cultured in chicken embryos , and serum . the conclusion as to whether or not the bird flu virus is infected can be reached within one hour at the latest and within two hours at the latest .
the new technology has the characteristics of being simple , convenient , and rapid . it can be tested on the spot in epidemic areas , with an accuracy rate of over 90 percent . it is conducive to early detection , early diagnosis , early isolation , and early treatment of infectious viruses , so as to avoid the spread of large areas and create major disasters .
entrusted by the china center for disease prevention and control , the Shantou university medical school and the Hong kong university medical school 's joint influenza research center recently held a training course on avian influenza virus testing technology to train students from 20 provincial and municipal disease prevention and control centers across the country , including the latest bird flu virus rapid testing technology .
FM commissioner 's office spokesman voiced strong dissatisfaction with us house of representatives international relations committee chairman Hyde 's speech
Xinhua news agency , Hong kong , december 3 , a spokesman for the office of the commissioner of the ministry of foreign affairs in Hong kong issued a statement on the 3 rd expressing strong dissatisfaction with the speech made in Hong kong a few days ago by the chairman of the us house international relations committee .
the spokesman said : in a speech delivered in Hong kong on 2 april , Mr. Hyde , chairman of the international relations committee of the us house of representatives , maliciously attacked china 's development and progress and slandered china 's foreign policy with cold war thinking . we express our strong dissatisfaction .
the spokesman said : the world knows that china 's development not only conforms to the fundamental interests of the 1.3 billion chinese people , but is also conducive to world prosperity and development .
in the international political arena , china is a responsible country and has played a positive and constructive role in safeguarding world peace and stability .
on the issue of nuclear non-proliferation , china has always strictly complied with the relevant international conventions , resolutely opposed any form of nuclear proliferation , and stood for resolving such issues through consultation , dialogue , and strengthening international supervision .
the spokesman pointed out : it is regrettable that Mr. Hyde ignored objective facts and made these extremely irresponsible remarks at a time when sino - us relations were further developing in a healthy and stable manner . this totally contradicts the consensus reached by the chinese and us heads of state not long ago on the development of relations between the two countries . it contradicts the mainstream voice of the us society calling for strengthening cooperative relations with china and is undoubtedly harmful to the development of sino - us relations .
China 's largest desalination project set up in Zhoushan
Xinhua news agency report of december 6 from Hangzhou ( by staff reporter pan yifeng and Xu qun ) - china 's largest desalination project with a daily processing capacity of 10,000 tons will be set up in Putuo district , Zhoushan city , Zhejiang province .
for the residents of Zhoushan , who are suffering from a severe water shortage , the sea water that has swayed around them for thousands of years is about to turn into clear and sweet tap water that will flow into thousands of households .
the reporter learned from relevant departments that the Hangzhou water treatment technology development center of the state oceanic administration and the Liuheng town government of putuo district of Zhoushan city recently signed an agreement on cooperation in the 10,000 - ton desalination project .
the project , with an investment of 50 million yuan and a daily output of 10,000 tons of fresh water , is currently the largest desalination project in the mainland . the first phase of the project is expected to be completed next year .
Zhoushan City is one of the cities with serious water shortage in China .
there are a total of 1,390 large and small islands in the city , and the per capita amount of fresh water is 601 cubic meters , which is only 25.4 percent of the per capita amount in Zhejiang province . the problem of drinking water has always puzzled the residents of this island city .
take Liuheng town in putuo district for example . every day 1,500 tons of fresh water are transported from a nearby town at a cost of more than 10 yuan per ton .
the reverse osmosis desalination technology developed by the Hangzhou water treatment technology development center of the state oceanic administration is a pressure - driven membrane separation process and is a hot topic in the field of international desalination research .
a relevant responsible person of the center said : through technological improvement and localization of the equipment , the cost and energy consumption of the reverse osmosis desalination project have been reduced .
the cost of desalination treatment per ton of seawater was further reduced on the basis of 5 yuan .
this augurs well for the cost of desalination to be close to the price of tap water and industrial water .
( international ) Hungarian referendum results invalid
Xinhua news agency report of december 5 from Budapest ( by staff reporter liu Weimin ) - Hungary held a referendum on december 5 on the privatization of public health and medical institutions across the country and the issue of Hungarian nationality abroad .
since neither the number of voters taking part in the voting nor the number of people casting an affirmative or negative vote on these two issues reached the ratio prescribed by law , the result of this referendum is invalid .
a total of 3.011 million people , or 37.48 percent of the total number of voters in the country , took part in the poll , according to the Hungarian national election office .
of these , 1.919 million and 1.033 million voted for the first question , accounting for 238.7 percent and 128.5 percent of the electorate nationwide , while 1.518 million and 1.426 million voted for the second question , accounting for 188.8 percent and 17.75 percent of the electorate nationwide , respectively .
according to the relevant laws of Hungary , the results of the referendum will be valid only if the number of voters taking part in the voting exceeds 50 percent of the total number of voters nationwide , or if the number of people voting for or against the above - mentioned issues exceeds 25 percent of the total number of voters nationwide .
earlier , the Hungarian government and ruling party had been calling on voters to vote against the two issues , while the opposition party called on voters to vote for them .
according to reports , this referendum was the lowest voter turnout in any referendum or election .
after the results of the poll were announced , Hungarian prime minister Giurczani acknowledged in a speech that the referendum had failed .
he said that the government would be more proactive in formulating national policies and carrying out medical and health reform .
Erban , chairman of Hungary 's largest opposition youth democratic league , said that although the number of votes cast did not reach the required percentage , the referendum was beneficial .
he called on the government and congress to consider the results of the referendum when enacting relevant laws .
Wen Jiabao stressed at a forum on the economic situation convened by the state council that efforts should be made to raise the level of scientific and democratic decision - making .
Xinhua news agency , beijing , december 6 , the state council recently held separate forums in Zhongnanhai for local responsible persons , economic experts , scholars , and enterprise personages to listen to their views on the current economic situation and their opinions and suggestions on doing a good job in next year 's economic work .
Wen Jiabao , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the CPC central committee and premier of the state council , presided over the forum and delivered an important speech .
Huang ju , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the CPC central committee and vice premier of the state council , attended the forum .
from 18 to 19 october , the state council separately invited responsible persons of the governments of eight provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities directly under the central government , nine economic experts , scholars , and eight responsible persons of state - owned enterprises and individual and private enterprises to hold three forums .
the participants fully expressed their views on international and domestic economic trends , consolidating the achievements of macroeconomic regulation and control , further strengthening agriculture , deepening the reform of state enterprises , developing the non-public economy , improving financial services and guarding against financial risks , expanding employment , improving the social security system , and maintaining basic price stability .
Wen Jiabao and other leading comrades of the state council earnestly listened to the speeches and discussed them with everyone .
after listening to their speeches , Wen Jiabao said : many good opinions and suggestions have been put forward , and the state council will absorb and adopt them when studying economic work .
he stressed : to implement the spirit of the fourth plenary session of the 16 th CPC central committee , an important task is to further improve the decision - making mechanism and practice scientific and democratic decision - making .
this is an important measure to enhance the party 's ruling ability and the government 's administrative ability .
with regard to major policy decisions affecting the overall situation of economic and social development , the government should conduct in - depth investigations and studies through various channels and forms to gain a better understanding of the real situation , extensively pool the wisdom of the people , and truly base policy decisions on a scientific and democratic basis .
Wu yi , Zeng Peiyan , hui Liangyu , hua Jianmin , and other leading comrades of the state council , as well as responsible persons of relevant departments , separately attended the forum .
( international ) Andean presidential council holds special meeting in peru
Xinhua news agency , Cuzco , peru , december 7 ( reporter liu Guoqiang , wang lu ) - the special meeting of the presidential council of the Andean community ( Andean community ) opened in the famous Peruvian tourist city of Cuzco on the 7 th .
the participating Presidents or representatives will hold consultations on issues such as the deepening of integration plans in the Andean region and the promotion of economic and social development .
speaking at the opening ceremony of the conference , Peruvian president Toledo said that it has been 35 years since the establishment of the oecd , but some major problems such as poverty have yet to be solved .
at present , the poverty rate in the Andean region is as high as 53 percent , which poses a serious threat to democratic governance in the region .
to this end , the governments of the oecd countries should make efforts to explore the establishment of an effective anti-poverty mechanism and strengthen the people 's participation in national affairs , so as to promote social stability and development .
Toledo pointed out that even though there are still many problems to be solved within the oecd , great progress has been made in the process of latin american integration in recent years , and the establishment of the south american community will be announced at the third summit of south american countries to be held here on 8 july .
he expressed the belief that the establishment of this new regional organization will play an important role in promoting regional political , economic , and social development .
in addition to Toledo , Bolivian president Mesa also attended the meeting .
Colombian president Uribe , Ecuadorian president Gutierrez , and Venezuelan president Chavez were unable to attend the meeting for various reasons , but they will come to attend the third south american summit meeting to be held here on 8 july .
founded in 1969 , the Andean community is composed of Bolivia , colombia , Ecuador , Venezuela , and peru . it is a regional organization for economic cooperation among latin american countries . its headquarters is located in lima , the capital of peru .
the presidential council , the highest decision - making body of the oecd , meets once a year .
the last meeting was held in the Ecuadorian capital Quito in july 2003 .
construction of Three Gorges Underground Power Station to Commend
Xinhua news agency , Wuhan , december 8 ( reporter shi yongfeng ) on december 8 , the main underground power station project of the Yangtze river three gorges project was invited for the first time for public bidding , thus opening the prelude to the construction of the underground power station of the three gorges project .
the three gorges project has designed and installed 26 700,000 kilowatt hydroelectric generating units with an installed capacity of 18.2 million kilowatts , with an average annual power generation capacity of 84.7 billion kilowatt hours after all units have been put into operation .
in order to further tap the power generation potential of the three gorges project , the three gorges project has reserved the position for the expansion of underground power stations in its initial design .
according to a responsible person of the china Yangtze river three gorges project development corporation , the three gorges underground power station is located in the mountains on the right bank of the three gorges dam . its main buildings include water intake towers , water diversion tunnels , main workshop , tail water system , bus shaft , 500 kV substation , and so on .
six 700,000 - kilowatt generating units will be installed at the underground power station .
in this way , the total installed capacity of the three gorges project will be increased from 26 units originally designed to 32 units , and the installed capacity will be increased from 18.2 million kilowatts to 22.4 million kilowatts , greatly increasing the power generation capacity of the three gorges project .
flood control is the primary task of the construction of the three gorges project .
according to the three gorges reservoir operation and control plan , the water level in the three gorges reservoir will be reduced from 175 meters to 145 meters before the flood season every year .
therefore , the construction of underground power stations will increase the water utilization targets of the three gorges reservoir , reduce the amount of water discarded , increase the amount of electricity generated , and maximize the period of peak regulation when the power stations do not discard water .
at present , the three gorges underground power station construction support tunnel excavation , tail canal excavation and support and other early stage projects have begun construction .
it is understood that all underground power stations will be completed and put into operation by the end of 2008 .
the Chinese Navigation Festival is coming
Xinhua news agency , beijing , december 8 ( reporter Huang fuhui ) Yao mingde , president of the china road transport association , said at a news conference here on the 8th that he was full of confidence in the establishment of the china sea festival .
at the same time , Yao mingde , director of the office of the preparatory leading group for the 600 th anniversary of zheng he 's voyage to the western ocean , said that all 16 preparatory leading group member departments , including the ministry of communications , have agreed to designate 11 july , the day of zheng he 's first voyage to the western ocean , as china 's navigation festival , and will propose to the state that the festival be established .
it is understood that the establishment of festivals that do not require holidays should be approved by the state council .
Zheng He is a world famous navigator .
in the 28 years from 1405 to 1433 , zheng he led more than 200 fleets and nearly 30,000 people across seven long ocean voyages , passing through southeast asia and the indian ocean to the red sea and africa , traveling more than 300,000 kilometers , and traveling through more than 30 countries and regions in asia and africa .
China will hold a series of activities next year to mark the 600 th anniversary of zheng he 's voyage to the western region .
the logo of the commemorative activities was released in beijing on 8 july .
the logo consists of a sailing boat sailing westward through the wind and waves , a rolling light blue arc of water ripples , and the text of the 600th anniversary of Zheng He &apos;s voyage to the Western Ocean 1405-2005 .
the designer is Yao Ying , a middle school art teacher in Xi &apos;an , Shaanxi Province .
people from all walks of life have called for seizing the opportunity of commemorating the 600 th anniversary of zheng he 's voyage to the western ocean in 2005 and strengthening the education of minors to set up china 's maritime festival to enhance people 's sense of navigation and maritime concepts , inherit the spirit of the chinese nation , and deepen patriotic education .
Yao said that china has a sea area of more than 3 million square kilometers , and 90 percent of china 's international trade is completed by sea .
China is a great sea - going country in the world , and among the many festivals , it is wrong not to have a sea - going festival .
Taiwan province has established july 11 as a sea festival .
more than a dozen countries in the world , such as the united states , canada , and japan , have established maritime festivals .
( international ) Ivorian parties reach consensus on implementing peace agreement
Xinhua news agency report of december 8th from Abidjan ( by staff reporter liu shaoping ) - un operation in Cote d'ivoire issued a communique in Abidjan on the evening of the 8th , saying that un secretary general Kofi Annan welcomed the consensus reached by all parties in Cote d'ivoire on the continued implementation of the peace agreement and called on all parties to seize this opportunity to ensure real progress in the peace process in preparation for the general election to be held in october 2005 .
the communique said : at the same time , Annan stressed that all sides in kuwait should reach a consensus on concrete action plans .
he also placed great hopes in the continued efforts of South African President Mbeki and the African Union to work with ECOWAS and KFOR to resolve the crisis in Kosovo .
entrusted by the au , Mbeki paid a four - day visit to Cote d'ivoire from 2 to 6 this month to seek a solution to the crisis in Cote d'ivoire .
at the end of the visit , Mbeki announced that all sides in kuwait have reached consensus on the four - point proposal .
the recommendations include the completion of the relevant legislation of the Marcoussis Agreement , the commencement of the process of disarming the belligerents , the return of all Government ministers to their posts and the restoration of internal security in the country .
the chairman of the caucus of the kosovo parliament held a meeting a few days ago and decided that the parliament will start deliberating a draft on the issue of amending the constitution on the 10 th .
the armed opposition of kosovo also announced on the 8th that the leaders of the armed opposition will hold a meeting in the near future to conduct an overall assessment of the peace process and discuss the issue of disarmament .
a coup d ' etat and civil war broke out in Cote d'ivoire in september 2002 .
in january last year and july this year , representatives of the main political parties and armed opposition groups reached agreements in france and Ghana , agreeing to restore peace and achieve national reconciliation .
however , the implementation of the agreement has been subject to ups and downs , which have repeatedly frustrated the peace process .
the opposition armed forces that control northern kuwait announced in mid - october that they would recall their political representatives , and the peace process in kuwait was once again deadlocked .
in early november , the situation in kosovo deteriorated further after a serious clash between the government forces and the french KFOR .
China to invest 10 million us dollars to help children and villages in western china
Xinhua news agency , xi'an , december 9 ( reporter liu ximei ) - James zhangmori , state director of the shaanxi international project , and he falii , director of the Shaanxi provincial environmental protection bureau , signed an agreement on cooperation in xi'an on the 9th . starting today , the china water supply and environmental hygiene demonstration project of the international project will formally cooperate with the shaanxi provincial green civilization demonstration project to promote and assist the implementation of the Shaanxi provincial rural drinking water project , biogas construction , health education , and other projects .
the tan green civilization demonstration project was initiated by the environmental protection department of Shaanxi province to establish green schools , green communities , green enterprises , and green villages .
this project , in cooperation with the china national water supply and environmental hygiene project of the international program , will promote the development of Shaanxi 's water supply and environmental sanitation in poor rural areas , as well as the construction of green villages in poor areas , such as the taiga village and the taiga green school , so as to complement each other 's strong points and enhance the sustainable development of the project .
plan international is the world 's largest international humanitarian organization centered on child development , directly assisting more than 1.3 million children and their families and communities around the world .
the international program entered china in 1995 and has so far subsidized more than 21,300 children .
at present , the international plan has six project areas in china . with the exception of yanqing county in beijing municipality , the other five project areas are all located in Shaanxi province ( pucheng county , chunhua county , jia county , yuyang district in Yulin city , and xixiang county ) .
since its cooperation with Shaanxi province in 1999 , the international program has invested more than 12 million us dollars in the development of poor children and communities in more than 250 villages in Shaanxi .
( international ) 1,425 right - wing militants surrender arms in colombia
Xinhua news agency , Bogota , december 10 ( reporter liu lianxiang ) - 1,425 armed elements of colombia 's rightwing quasi - military organization , led by deputy commander - in - chief and chief of general staff Mancuso , surrendered their weapons to government representatives in the northeastern border area on the 10th and accepted the government 's peaceful demobilization arrangements .
according to media reports here , the people who defected this time belonged to the AUC column in Taqatumbo river , which had previously engaged in illegal armed activities in four northeastern provinces .
on behalf of the Colombian government , senior peace commissioner restrepo accepted their surrender of rifles , machine guns , grenade grenades , mortars , and other equipment , and welcomed their defection .
this is the fourth large - scale demobilization of illegal armed personnel by the Colombian government since november 2003 , when 855 members of the united Colombian self - defense forces were demobilized .
in june this year , the Colombian government and the AUC reached an agreement on peaceful demobilization through negotiations .
the agreement stipulates that the 11 columns of the united self - defense army of colombia , numbering 3,000 armed personnel , will be demobilized and reintegrated into society by the end of this year .
the united Self - Defense Army of colombia , which has nearly 20,000 members , was founded in 1997 and is composed of owners of large plantations , mine enterprises , and private armed forces of drug - trafficking groups .
under the mediation of the organization of american states , the organization is currently negotiating with the Colombian government and is committed to demobilizing all personnel by the end of 2005 .
Guangxi commemorates 75th anniversary of Baise uprising
Xinhua news agency , Nanning , december 11 ( reporter wang mian ) on december 11 , Baise , an old revolutionary district with a population of 3.6 million , commemorated the 75 th anniversary of the Baise uprising through a series of activities .
on 11 december 1929 , Deng Xiaoping , Zhang yunyi , and others led and launched the famous Baise uprising and founded the Youjiang revolutionary base area and the seventh army of the chinese workers ' and peasants ' red army .
Baise uprising is another successful armed uprising led by the communist party after the Nanchang uprising , the autumn harvest uprising , and the Guangzhou uprising .
on the morning of 11 december , more than 2,000 people came to the monument to the Baise uprising with flowers in their hands to lay flowers and bow down in memory of the martyrs ' great achievements .
later , he watched the film " Baise uprising " and visited the photo exhibition " Zhang yunyi in Guangxi . "
Huang qunsheng , a student from Baise high school , said : although history and ideological and political courses in peacetime have taught a lot about patriotism and collectivism education , today , when we really came to the scene to visit , we felt that this was a lively patriotism education class .
as early as this year , during the centennial celebrations of Deng Xiaoping 's birth , the Baise revolutionary old district continuously improved this patriotic education base , restored the Baise uprising memorial park , built the Deng Xiaoping handwriting monument forest garden project , and maintained the Guangdong east military hall , the former site of the seventh army headquarters of the chinese workers and peasants red army , and so on .
Liang chunlu , secretary of the Baise city CPC committee , said : the old Baise revolutionary district witnessed the great feats of countless revolutionary predecessors who sacrificed their lives and shed their blood . today , the Baise people will continue to carry forward the spirit of Baise uprising and comfort their predecessors with Baise 's leapfrogging development .
China to set up underage press spokesman system
Xinhua news agency report of december 13th from Shanghai ( by staff reporter liu dan ) - - china 's youth social education forum concluded in Shanghai on the 13th - - the media and the development of minors proposed : China should establish a press spokesman system on the situation of minors and regularly release information on the current situation and existing problems of minors .
according to a recent survey conducted by relevant departments in Shanghai , on average , every minor watches 1.17 hours of extracurricular books , 1.05 hours of television , and 0.99 hours of internet every day . in arranging their extracurricular time , they spend about half of their time together with the media . the media is using a brand - new social force to become a factor that can not be ignored in influencing the growth and development of minors .
the media is a window that connects the minds of minors with the outside world . when the windows are opened , fresh air comes in and flies and mosquitoes follow .
Chen tianqiao , chairman of Shanghai grand network development company limited , said .
while the media have created good conditions for the healthy growth of minors , due to the needs of market competition and economic interests , as well as the low quality of some journalists , the viewpoints in the manuscripts tend to mislead young people 's thinking and values , and some media even spread violent and pornographic content .
at present , china has more than 2,000 television channels , more than 1,500 radio frequencies , 1,868 radio programs , and 87 million internet users in the country .
a responsible person of the forum said that the establishment of a press spokesman system for minors can provide authoritative investigation materials on the current situation and problems of youth development , change the status quo of the media 's disorderly voice , and provide a healthy and favorable public opinion environment for the growth of minors .
( international ) Iraqi foreign minister thinks Iraqi election faces three major problems
Xinhua news agency , Dubai ( united arab emirates ) , december 14 ( reporter xing xudong yanyi ) - Iraqi interim government foreign minister Zebari said in Dubai on the 14th that iraq 's general election to be held on january 30 next year will face three major problems , namely , the deterioration of the security situation hindering and interfering in the election process , voters ' fear of terrorist attacks affecting their turnout , and how to best ensure the transparency and fairness of the election .
in his speech at the tabla meeting of the arab strategic forum held in Dubai , Zebari said that it is very necessary for iraq to hold general elections as scheduled , because the elections will determine not only the new Iraqi leader , but also that iraq is a free , democratic , and united country belonging to all Iraqis .
he expressed the belief that the future Iraqi government will be a legitimate government representing the Iraqi people and expressing their aspirations .
Zebari said that the us - led coalition forces are present in iraq at iraq 's request and are providing protection to iraq because the current Iraqi interim government cannot control the security situation and is unable to pursue terrorists and saboteurs .
the coalition 's presence is time - sensitive and will end after iraq completes the political process and the emergence of a legitimate government in accordance with un resolutions .
Zebari stressed that the new iraq will continue to maintain its arab and islamic identity and abide by the charter of the league of arab states .
the Iraqi people are faced with a historic opportunity to rebuild their country on a new basis , and Iraq will rise again as an important member of the larger Arab family capable of contributing to its nation .
Belgium united assets management company limited stationed in Shanghai
Xinhua news agency , Shanghai , december 15 ( Jiang wei , shen yiqin ) - belgium 's united assets management company Ltd. announced on the 15 th that it will officially be stationed in Shanghai .
the company said here on the same day that it is actively seeking china 's cooperative partners to enable the joint venture fund companies of the two sides to go into operation in early 2006 .
du shitu , president of belgium 's united asset management company , said that as an important step into china 's asset management market , the company has obtained the permission of china 's securities regulatory authority to officially open a representative office in Shanghai .
in accordance with its development strategy in the chinese market , the company will first develop the retail market .
he also said that the capital preservation fund is the most powerful of the company 's fund products , and it will remain the foundation for the company to become one of the world 's top financial institutions .
the Belgian united asset management company , which has 50 years of experience in asset management , provides asset management services to institutional clients , corporate clients , and individual investors and manages a series of pooled investment instruments for them .
the company manages a wide range of fund products .
as of june this year , the total assets of the capital preservation fund managed by the fund reached $ 28 billion .
in the past 10 years , more than 550 capital preservation funds have been issued , involving more than 350 different product structures .
we welcome the recent decision by the relevant Chinese regulatory authorities to allow commercial banks to set up fund companies with their own holdings .
du shitu said : we are actively looking for a local partner to set up a joint venture fund company .
du shitu said : there is still great room in the chinese market .
the Belgian joint asset management company , with its headquarters in Brussels , is 45% owned by the united bank of belgium .
seven years ago , the united bank of belgium opened its first branch in Shanghai .
in 2002 , the united bank of belgium became the first Belgian bank to be allowed to operate renminbi business in china .
( international ) united nations warns of rising global drug deaths in 2005
Xinhua news agency , vienna , december 17 ( reporter song Guocheng ) - costa , executive director of the united nations drug control and crime prevention office , warned in a press release on the 17th that due to increased heroin production in afghanistan , global heroin black market prices are expected to stabilize and increase in purity in 2005 , resulting in more deaths among drug users .
Costa has warned health and anti - drug officials in europe and surrounding countries to pay attention to the latest trends in drug cultivation and international drug crimes in afghanistan and take corresponding preventive measures .
according to statistics provided by the un drug control and crime prevention office in vienna , when the opium industry in afghanistan was banned in 2001 , the heroin production in afghanistan dropped by 94 percent , and the purity of heroin on the black market in europe decreased by 50 percent in the second year .
between 2000 and 2002 , the number of drug deaths in europe decreased by 20% .
Kosta said that compared with 2003 , the area under opium cultivation in afghanistan this year has increased by 64% , and heroin production has reached more than 500 tons , higher than the annual global heroin black market volume . this trend means that the global purity of drugs has increased and the number of drug deaths has correspondingly increased .
Kosta said that afghanistan 's drug supply has become a clear and real threat to global anti - drug efforts , and the increase in the supply of heroin on the black market means that drug addicts will be sentenced to death .
it is estimated that the number of deaths caused by drug overdose in the world each year is about 100,000 .
( international ) us military confirms that a Guantanamo prisoner is not an enemy combatant
Xinhua news agency report of december 20th from washington ( by staff reporter pan yunzhao and tan xinmu ) - us defense secretary Gordon in England said at a news conference held at the pentagon on the 20th that a military review team has confirmed that a prisoner detained at the us naval base in Guantanamo is not an enemy combatant and will soon be released .
this is the second Guantanamo prisoner confirmed by the us military as not an enemy combatant .
England said that the pentagon confirmed the prisoner 's identity a day or two ago , and the state department will notify the prisoner 's country of the decision and arrange for his release .
however , he did not disclose the name and nationality of the prisoner , nor did he explain under what circumstances he was arrested .
England refused to acknowledge that the Ministry of Defence had made a mistake in establishing the identity of the Guantanamo prisoners .
he said that the military review team responsible for reviewing the status of the Guantanamo prisoners had reviewed 507 prisoners and confirmed the identity of 230 , of whom 228 were enemy combatants .
so far , the united states has released about 200 Guantanamo prisoners , some of whom were released after their repatriation , and a small number of whom were kept in detention after their return , but at least 12 of whom were released and then took part in activities against the us military .
the us naval base in Guantanamo currently holds about 550 suspected al - Qaeda and Taliban elements , most of whom were captured during the us war in afghanistan .
the United States Government claims that these persons are enemy combatants and not prisoners of war and are therefore not protected by the Geneva Convention .
many countries criticized the us government for indefinitely detaining their citizens , and some international organizations also criticized the us government for violating international law by doing so .
State Domain Name Top Node Located in Shanghai
Xinhua news agency , Shanghai , december 21 ( feng yizhen and Chen haiyu ) on the 21 st , the china internet information center and the Shanghai information industry ( group ) company Ltd. signed a contract for the establishment of the top node of the state domain name in Shanghai .
domain names are the communications foundation for developing all internet applications , such as e - commerce and e - government , and are widely used as internet addresses .
when people visit a website or receive or send e - mail , they must first enter a domain name , convert the domain name into an IP address through the domain name system 's parsing service , find the website host , and realize information transmission .
the domain name system , like the telepathic system , controls the transmission of information on the internet .
Mao wei , director of the china internet information center , which manages china 's state top - level domain name system , said : so far , china 's internet users have exceeded 90 million , ranking second in the world in scale , and the number of websites has exceeded 650,000 .
the resolution of domain names is directly proportional to the application of the internet , and with the rapid development of the internet , the resolution of domain names has also grown rapidly .
at present , the number of CN domain name registrations is increasing at the rate of 10,000 new registrations per month , reaching 430,000 .
the state - level domain name server operated and managed by the china interconnection information center handles more than 380 million domain name resolution requests a day , with an average of more than 4,400 per second and a peak of more than 8,000 .
in the face of the rapid development of the internet , the china internet information center , china 's domain name registrar , this year reassessed the top - level nodes of the four existing state domain names in the country and rearranged the top - level nodes of the CN domain names according to the evaluation situation .
according to the local internet development level and the software and hardware conditions of the access units , it was decided to locate the top - level node of the state domain name in Shanghai .
it has been learned that Shanghai has 45,000 domain names , and the internet penetration rate has reached 26.6 percent , ranking first in the country in terms of internet penetration rate and application level .
in the east china region around Shanghai , there are 130,000 CN domain names and 230,000 websites , and the development level is also among the highest .
for this reason , Shanghai has been selected as the first node in the redeployment plan .
China becomes world 's largest carbide producer
Xinhua news agency report of december 22nd from Nanchang ( by staff reporters yang yuanyuan and li xingwen ) - china 's hard alloy industry has developed rapidly in recent years , with an annual output exceeding one - third of the world 's hard alloy output . in terms of production scale and volume , china has become the world 's largest producer of hard alloys , with a complete variety of hard alloys , and the vast majority of which can be produced in china .
this reporter learned from the ongoing symposium on the development strategy of the tungsten industry in Ganzhou , china , on 22 july .
hard alloys are known as industrial teeth because of their high hardness and abrasion resistance . they are used as cutting tools , high pressure tools , and mining and road building machinery . the development of hard alloys industry plays a very important role in the development of the tungsten industry as a whole .
it has been learned that china 's hard alloys , which started in the 1950 s , have developed continuously from scratch and have made remarkable achievements to date .
in the early 1980 s , when the world 's annual cemented carbide output was 25,000 tons , china 's annual cemented carbide output reached about 5,000 tons , and in the 21 st century , the world 's cemented carbide output reached 38,000 tons , while china 's cemented carbide output grew rapidly to 15,000 tons , exceeding one - third of the world 's cemented carbide output .
China has also made significant progress in hard alloy exports .
in 1986 , china 's annual export volume of hard alloys was only 100 tons , and by 2003 , the export volume had reached 2,500 tons . this year , the export volume is expected to exceed 3,000 tons , which , like the output volume , also accounts for one - third of the circulation in the world hard alloys market . the annual foreign exchange earnings from hard alloys export have increased from less than $ 4 million in the past to $ 70 million a year now .
ADB Loans to Support Shanxi &apos;s Use of Coal Seam and Coal Field Gas for Power Generation
Xinhua news agency , beijing , december 23 ( reporter Jiang Guocheng ) the reporter learned from the Asian development bank 's representative office in china on the 23rd that the bank recently approved a loan of 117.4 million us dollars to support the construction of a power plant in southern Shanxi province using methane gas generated during coal mining .
the Coalbed methane development demonstration project will use the latest technology to increase the production of coalbed methane and coalfield methane to provide fuel for a 120,000 kilowatt power plant to be built soon .
according to the project plan , upon completion in 2008 , the project will provide at least 166 million cubic metres of coal bed gas per year to some 90,000 domestic , industrial and commercial users .
about 410,000 people in the Jincheng area will benefit .
Shanxi 's coal output accounts for about one - third of the country 's total output .
the total cost of the project is estimated at 237 million us dollars , of which the Japanese bank for international cooperation will provide a loan of 20 million us dollars and the china construction bank will provide a loan of 37.86 million us dollars .
the Jincheng city government and two mining / industrial groups in the region will provide a total of 61.24 million us dollars in equity capital .
the us trade development agency also provided a grant of 500,000 us dollars for the project .
by drilling underground coal seams through the surface , the methane obtained from the mine after completion is known as coal bed gas , and the methane produced during underground coal mining operations is known as coal field gas .
methane is a highly explosive gas that needs to be discharged first in coal mining operations to ensure a safe working environment .
the removal , collection and use of methane will reduce greenhouse gas emissions and contribute to mitigating global warming and climate change .
methane has a greenhouse effect 21 times greater than carbon dioxide .
the use of methane instead of coal can also increase the use of clean fuels , improve coal mine efficiency and make the air cleaner .
Hasan , senior project expert of the Asian development bank , said that the project is expected to provide about 4.5 million tons of carbon dioxide greenhouse gas emission reductions .
( international ) Israel museum town museum treasure is counterfeit
Xinhua news agency , jerusalem , december 24 , the chief curator of the Israeli museum James Zenith said on the 24th that the ivory pomegranate , the treasure of the museum , had recently been proved to be a fake .
the ivory pomegranate was once considered the only relic found in the first temple of solomon times .
the thumb - sized ivory pomegranate was carefully identified by the authorities , Snyder said in a statement .
experts found that it should be a bronze - age relic dating well before the first temple of the Jews .
the line of Hebrew writing on the pomegranate shows that the pomegranate belongs to the temple of God , the Lord , the holy things of the priests .
the handwriting was verified to have been carved later .
the Israeli museum bought the ivory pomegranate from an anonymous collector for 550,000 us dollars in the 1980 s .
archaeologists and antiquities experts once believed that it was a treasure inlaid on the top of the scepter by the priests of the first temple , and was also the only cultural relic left behind at that time .
Snyder said that before buying ivory pomegranate , Israeli archaeologist Naman Avigdor and other experts identified it as genuine .
according to an Israeli newspaper Ha &apos;aretz , Avigdor only used a magnifying glass to roughly identify the cultural relics at that time .
this view was denied by Avigdor himself .
in recent months , the Israeli police have successively uncovered three large - scale cultural relics fraud cases and summoned hundreds of people for questioning .
during the investigation , the police and the heritage administration unexpectedly discovered that the ivory pomegranate was a fake .
the police will file a lawsuit against some of the people involved next week .
in the tenth century ad , king solomon of Judah built the first temple on the present temple mountain to store sacred objects such as the ark of the covenant and Noah 's ark , which were later destroyed .
Shenzhen to enforce the use of open water in some buildings and small areas
Xinhua news agency , Guangzhou , december 26 , as a major measure to build a small water - saving city , Shenzhen will forcibly promote the use of guanzhong water in some large - scale buildings and small areas . at present , relevant design codes and regulations for guanzhong water are being formulated .
water table is mainly refers to urban sewage or domestic sewage after treatment to a certain level of water quality standards , can be reused in a certain range of non-drinking water .
the water quality is between tap water and sewage discharged into the pipe .
it is widely used in toilet flushing , garden and farmland irrigation , road cleaning , car washing , urban fountain , water supply for cooling equipment and so on .
according to a survey conducted by the Shenzhen municipal water bureau , in the mid - 1990s , more than 70 buildings in Shenzhen city had built a water recovery facility system in the guanzhong district . however , due to technical , design , management , and other factors , the cost of water recovery and utilization in the guanzhong district was too high , so the construction units had to abandon the system .
in order for these pipelines to play a real role , we only need to invest another 300,000 to 400,000 yuan to install the tongzhong water treatment system .
if we make use of the more than 70 existing tongzhongshui tongshui pipelines and calculate that each community uses 500 tons of tongzhong tongshui per day , we can save 35,000 tons of tap water for Shenzhen in one day .
according to reports , Shenzhen zhanzhong water recycle work will begin with the renovation of more than 70 buildings with zhanzhong water recycle system , and will be further promoted after summing up experience .
at the same time , the Shenzhen water affairs department , in conjunction with the urban planning and construction departments , will work out as soon as possible the design standards for the tongzhong water table , and stipulate that tongzhong water table applications should be mandatory in some large - scale buildings .
the treated guanzhongshui will be the first to be used in urban afforestation and irrigation .
27 Zhejiang tourists rescued from tsunami
Xinhua news agency , Hangzhou , december 27 ( reporter feng yuan , qu lingyan , hu zuohua ) - a 27 - member Zhejiang tourist delegation to Phuket , Thailand , escaped safely in a life - and - death race against the tsunami .
on the 24 th , 26 Zhejiang tourists and a team leader travelled to Thailand under the organization of Hangzhou china travel agency .
Li hui , deputy general manager of Hangzhou china travel agency , said : on the morning of the 27 th , 26 tourists left Phuket with the tour guide to visit pp island . they arrived at their destination around 10 : 00 a.m . local time .
when the tourists came ashore , the water rose immediately . at first , they mistakenly thought it was a high tide , so they did not care .
Tsai wai - wei , the tour guide , noticed the ferocious rise of the sea water and reminded everyone to run quickly to the hotel on the shore to avoid danger .
by the time the crowd had entered the hotel lobby , the sea had risen to the hotel entrance .
the hotel has a total of three floors , and the turbulent waves have flooded to the second floor . everyone can only guard the roof of the building . fortunately , the sea water has not continued to rise .
of the 26 visitors , 19 were employees of the china united engineering company .
the reporter learned from the company that after the tsunami , the stranded employees called the company on their mobile phones for help , and the company immediately requested emergency relief through the chinese ministry of foreign affairs .
on hearing the news , the chinese embassy in Thailand adopted emergency measures and sent personnel to the scene to rescue the victims . at that time , two people had lost contact with each other .
it was not until the evening of the 26 th that the company was able to contact two employees who had earlier withdrawn from Phuket with other tour groups . another employee who suffered minor injuries also left phuket island in a rescue ship of the Thai government and has already received medical treatment .
after the tsunami , the local transportation department spared no effort in rescuing the wounded .
they were safely transferred to Phuket at noon on the 27 th .
Li hui said : at present , the tour group is anxiously waiting for the return flight on the Thai island of Phuket . if the flight is arranged smoothly , she hopes that they will be able to return home tomorrow .
( international ) Jordan to host iraq 's neighboring countries conference
Xinhua news agency report of december 27th from Amman ( by staff reporter Jiang shaoqing and Zhao yue ) - Jordan 's foreign minister Murky announced here on the 27th that Jordan will hold a meeting of countries surrounding iraq early next month .
in a joint communique issued after talks with visiting Iraqi foreign minister Zebari on the same day , morki said that the two sides discussed issues related to the convening of a meeting of iraq 's neighboring countries in Amman early next month , but he did not specify the date of the meeting .
he said : the two sides also discussed the issue of the support provided by arab countries and iraq 's neighboring countries for iraq 's general elections .
Morki said that Jordan has always supported the Iraqi people in their efforts to determine their own destiny and maintain unity , and supported all efforts conducive to the smooth conduct of the Iraqi elections .
he also said that Jordan and the Iraqi supreme electoral council signed an agreement a few days ago , which supports Jordan as one of the counting points in iraq 's overseas elections .
Zebari said that he and Murki held consultations on the smooth convening of a meeting of neighboring countries in iraq .
he also called on Iraqis abroad to actively participate in the Iraqi general election .
it is reported that representatives of egypt , Saudi arabia , Syria , kuwait , Jordan , iran , turkey , and the Iraqi interim government will attend the sixth meeting of countries surrounding iraq to be held in Amman early next month .
the above - mentioned countries and relevant parties have previously held five meetings in Saudi arabia , iran , Syria , kuwait , and egypt to hold consultations on the situation in iraq .
at present , iran has not clearly indicated whether it will participate in the meeting .
China banking regulatory commission to strengthen supervision over financial asset management companies
Xinhua news agency report of december 29th from beijing ( by staff reporter wang Weiping ) - the china banking regulatory commission recently held a conference on strengthening supervision over the disposal of bad assets , at which it was decided that the supervisory departments would treat both the symptoms and the symptoms of bad assets and earnestly strengthen supervision over financial asset management companies .
a relevant responsible person of the banking regulatory commission said on 29 july that the banking regulatory commission will investigate and handle according to law the problems of violation of laws and regulations in the management and disposal of bad assets . those involved in violations of laws and crimes will be handed over to judicial organs for investigation and prosecution of their criminal liabilities .
the results of handling major typical cases should be disclosed to the public through public exposure and other means , and should be subject to social supervision .
in the near future , the CBRC will focus on improving and strengthening the supervision mechanism for financial asset management companies in four aspects :
first , it is necessary to accelerate the building of relevant laws and regulations for financial asset management companies .
we should formulate a unified plan for the building of the laws and regulations of financial asset management companies , and resolve the current problem of imperfections in the laws and regulations of financial asset management companies .
the CBRC will draft and promulgate , as soon as possible , the " guidelines on the due diligence work of financial asset management companies in handling bad assets , " the " procedures on disclosure of information of financial asset management companies , " and the " measures on punishment for illegal acts committed by financial asset management companies . "
second , it is necessary to perfect the corporate management mechanism of financial asset management companies and resolve the short - term operational behavior and moral risks of financial asset management companies in terms of structure , mechanism , and management .
third , it is necessary to strengthen and improve the supervision and management of financial asset management companies .
the supervisory departments of the relevant financial asset management companies should divide labor and coordinate with each other , earnestly assume their supervisory duties , form a joint supervisory force , and enhance the efficiency of supervision .
fourth , it is necessary to continue to do a good job in the investigation and study of relevant policies and promote the improvement of the external environment for asset disposal , including the market environment , the legal and policy environment , and the construction of market infrastructure for bad asset transactions .
( Hong kong , Macao , Taiwan ) Hong kong and Macao residents applying to set up individual industrial and commercial households in Shanghai will enjoy the green corridor
Xinhua news agency report of december 30 from Shanghai ( by staff reporter yu Lihong ) - from january 1 , 2005 , Hong kong and Macao residents applying for setting up an individual industrial and commercial household in Shanghai do not need to go through the examination and approval of the foreign capital department . applicants can download the registration form directly from the industrial and commercial website . all 20 industrial and commercial bureaus in the city will set up a green channel for processing applications .
this reporter has learned from the Shanghai municipal administration for industry and commerce that the procedures for Hong kong and Macao residents to apply for the establishment of an individual industrial and commercial household in Shanghai are not complicated . the materials to be submitted include the " application for registration of the establishment of an individual industrial and commercial household ( Hong kong and Macao residents ) " signed by the applicant , the applicant 's identity documents and identity verification documents , the certificate of the place of business , and other documents required by state laws and regulations .
on 1 january 2005 , the Shanghai industrial and commercial department will set up special windows and green corridors in 20 branch offices throughout the city to provide a one - stop service for Hong kong and Macao residents applying for registration as individual industrial and commercial households .
in addition , the Shanghai industrial and commercial department has also set up a download window on the official website ( www . SGS . GOV . cn ) of the registration form for Hong kong and Macao residents applying for individual industrial and commercial households in the mainland , which can be downloaded directly by applicants .
applicants can also obtain relevant information at any time through online consultation . the Shanghai industrial and commercial website will give an answer within two working days to any question concerning the registration of Hong kong and Macao residents as individual industrial and commercial households in Shanghai .
it has been learned that the business scope permitted for Hong kong and Macao residents to apply for registration as individual industrial and commercial households in Shanghai is as follows : retail trade ( excluding tobacco retail ) , restaurants , residents ' services , and other services including hairdressing , beauty , and health care services , bath services , repair of household electrical appliances , and other daily necessities , but does not include franchising .
at the same time , the form of the individual industrial and commercial households of Hong kong and Macao residents is limited to individual operations , with no more than eight employees and no more than 300 square meters of business space .
( international ) assets of Yugansk to be auctioned not to be included in Gazprom
Xinhua news agency , Moscow , december 30 ( reporter song shiyi ) - Dmitry Medvedev , director of the general office of the russian president and chairman of the russian natural gas industry corporation , said in a statement to the media on the 30th that the russian natural gas industry corporation will merge the russian oil company as scheduled in january next year , but the assets of Yukos oil company , the largest subsidiary of the russian oil company , purchased by the russian oil company , will not be included in the assets of the russian natural gas industry corporation .
according to another report , russian minister of industry and energy Krystenko said on the same day that the auctioned assets of the Yugansk company will not be included in the assets of the russian natural gas industry company , mainly because the state is already the main shareholder of the russian oil and gas industry company , and the state does not want to increase the amount beyond the controlled shares .
he said : the assets of the Yugansk company will be separately separated and transferred to some companies in a complete country .
on the 19 th of this month , the russian federation property foundation held a public auction of 76.79 percent of Yukos oil and gas company 's largest subsidiary , Yugansk oil and gas company , and the newly formed Baikal financial group won the bid at a price of 9.35 billion us dollars .
on the 22 nd , the state - owned russian oil company announced the acquisition of the Baikal financial group , which acquired the Yugansk shares , and became the new owner of the Yugansk shares .
analysts believe that an important reason for russia 's ingenious operation in auctioning Yugansk 's assets is to play a leading role in relevant legal disputes .
in september this year , russian president Putin approved the acquisition of the russian oil company by the russian natural gas industry corporation .
founded in february 1993 , the russian natural gas corporation is the largest natural gas mining company in the world .
the company holds 65% of russia 's natural gas reserves .
last year , the company produced 93% of russia 's natural gas and 20% of the world 's natural gas .
tsunami hits fisheries in Tamil Nadu , india
Xinhua news agency , Chennai ( india ) , december 31 ( reporter Jiang yaping ) - the fishing industry in Tamil Nadu state in southeast india is well developed .
the state has a coastline of thousands of kilometers and exports 370,000 tons of seafood annually , earning 23 billion rupees ( 1 us dollar to 43 rupees ) to the local government .
however , a major tsunami triggered by a strong earthquake in the indian ocean on the 26 th caused unprecedented damage to local fishery production .
according to an authoritative source in the fishing industry in Chennai , capital of Tamil Nadu state , the sudden disaster had a tremendous impact on the state 's fishery production .
without prior warning and precaution , the fishing boats were anchored in the harbor .
as a result , more than 7,000 mechanical vessels and 30,000 barges in the state were damaged to varying degrees , accounting for more than 80% of all vessels , and more than 30,000 fishing nets were damaged .
in an interview with Xinhua on the 31st , a responsible official of the Chennai fishery federation said that even if the fishing boat is repaired , fishermen dare not go to sea in recent months because they have witnessed with their own eyes the ravages and cruelty of the sea .
some people have lost loved ones , some people 's property has been damaged , and psychological fear will remain for a long time to come .
according to estimates , the state 's fishery output in 2005 will be about 30% lower than in 2004 .
in the tsunami disaster on the 26 th , most coastal fishing villages in Tamil Nadu were hit , making it the worst hit area in india .
as of the 30 th , more than 6,230 people had died in the state , most of them fishermen .
according to reports , about 680,000 people in the state were affected by the tsunami , 85 percent of whom were engaged in fishery production .
at present , the indian government is actively carrying out rescue work in an effort to resume local fishermen 's livelihood and fishery production as soon as possible .
Shanghai airport said goodbye to welcome the new year amid the snow and ice
Xinhua news agency report of january 1 from Shanghai ( by staff reporter feng yizhen and su weiwei ) - with snow , freezing , and severe cold , Shanghai airport staff left the old year amid the snow and ice to welcome the new year .
after two days of fighting the ice and snow , the staff of the Shanghai airport group ushered in the last flight of 2004 at 2350 hours on the 31 st .
China Eastern Airlines aircraft carrying out flight MU 566 from Sydney to Shanghai landed at Shanghai Pudong airport , bringing the transportation and production of Shanghai Civil Aviation to a successful conclusion in 2004 .
in 2004 , Shanghai 's two major airports took off and landed nearly 330,000 aircraft , an increase of 35% over the same period of last year , carrying 36 million passengers , an increase of 45% over the same period of last year , an increase of 11.2 million over the previous year , and the throughput of cargo and mail exceeded 2.25 million tons , an increase of nearly 40% over the same period of last year , a net increase of 640,000 tons over the previous year .
in 2004 , another 16 cities with international scheduled flights were added to the Shanghai airport , and five foreign airlines opened up regular flights in Shanghai .
at present , 76 domestic cities and 86 international and regional cities are connected with Shanghai , and 11 domestic airlines and 38 international and regional airlines operate regular flights to Shanghai .
in the last two days of the end of the year , Shanghai was covered with snow and ice , the airport was closed for a time , the tarmac was full of planes , and a large number of flights were delayed .
thanks to the joint efforts of civil aviation staff , however , air traffic remained unimpeded and operational order was restored to normal on the last day of the year .
Wu nianzu , president of the Shanghai airport group , who was keeping watch with airport staff in the snow and ice , announced at midnight that the Shanghai airport group had realized its fifth year of safety , which is also the 17 th year of safety at Shanghai Hongqiao airport .
Wu nianzu said : in 2005 , Shanghai hongqiao airport will undergo a comprehensive overhaul . the airport runway , boarding procedures , and the exterior of the terminal will be completely renovated . the second runway of the Pudong airport will be put into use . the first phase of the terminal will be renovated . the passenger throughput of the two Shanghai airports is expected to reach 42 million passengers in 2005 .
famous chinese musician performs new year concert in Hangzhou
Xinhua news agency report of january 2nd from Hangzhou ( by staff reporter Ying qu - Chuan ) - Hangzhou residents listened to a new year concert by a global chinese star orchestra on new year 's eve with the brisk " round dance of the sound of spring " , the classic " blue Danube " , and the premiere of koenge 's " straussiana " and Schubert 's " mini concerto . "
the repertoire of the concert is a collection of classic works from Vienna , the capital of music .
the rigorous attitude of the artists contributed to the success of the New Year &apos;s concert .
the 1,600 - seat music hall was packed , and the audience was immersed in the melodious melody of the world 's best songs from beginning to end .
the global chinese star orchestra includes leading and deputy lead performers in a number of well - known overseas orchestras , such as Qian zhou , violinist in the united states , lu wei , principal violinist of the german symphony orchestra in Berlin , and wang bin , principal violinist of the los Angeles philharmonic orchestra .
they represent the level of Chinese interpretation of classical European music .
the Hangzhou performance is the orchestra 's first mainland tour .
the orchestra made its first appearance at the 1997 Hong kong reunification celebrations with great success , and its performance style was flexible , natural and fluid , full of tension , rigorous and exquisite .
Singaporean symphony orchestra director shui lan said that in order to ensure the quality of the orchestra 's performance , they gathered in Hangzhou ahead of schedule and conducted rehearsals for two days , despite the large number of concerts and tight schedules of musicians in various countries and regions in europe , the united states , and asia .
( sports ) Schumacher : age is not an issue
Xinhua news agency report of january 2 from london ( by staff reporter wang yongshumahe ) - the oldest of the active drivers of formula one ( F1 ) , who will turn 36 on january 3 , believes that age is not an obstacle to his further achievements .
in his 15 - year career in the Formula One arena , Schumacher has participated in a total of 212 sub-station races , of which 83 won the championship .
he &apos;s also won the driver of the year seven times .
Schumacher said on his personal website : " after playing in the competition for so many years , i will definitely leave a lot of injuries on my body , but those injuries are not serious .
I feel like I &apos;m in great shape .
to be honest , I think I &apos;m a lot younger than 36 .
I often play football with my peers , such as Alonso .
I &apos;m ten years older than him , but people can &apos;t see the big difference between us on the court .
many people think that due to Schumacher &apos;s unfailing victory in Changtae , the F1 game has lost its suspense and become dull .
asked if he himself was a little tired of racing because of a lack of competitors , Schumacher replied very firmly : " I am not tired at all , especially psychologically . "
I am still very keen on this sport .
the new season 's F1 competition will begin with the Australian grand prix on march 6 .
looking forward to the upcoming 2005 season , Schumacher is still full of confidence in winning .
he said : " as in previous seasons , i am full of longing for victory .
in sports competitions , you can not always immerse yourself in past achievements , you should constantly meet the challenges , and i am eager to accept the challenges .
Hainan province to invest 34 billion yuan in fixed assets in 2005
Xinhua news agency report of january 3rd from Haikou ( by staff reporter wang Yingcheng ) - the reporter learned from the Hainan provincial people 's government that the total fixed asset investment in Hainan province in 2005 will reach 34 billion yuan to accelerate infrastructure construction and increase investment in key industries .
it has been learned that in 2005 , of the total social fixed asset investment in Hainan province , 22.2 billion yuan was invested in capital construction , 1.3 billion yuan in renewal and transformation , 5.5 billion yuan in real estate development , and 5 billion yuan in urban and rural collective and private investment .
at the same time , in 2005 , Hainan will invest 10.5 billion yuan in 34 key provincial construction projects , raise the level of infrastructure facilities , speed up the expansion of meilan and phoenix airports , build two reservoirs in the second phase of dalong and daguang dam , expand two harbors in Haikou port and eight harbors , build an expressway around Haikou city and an expressway linking Sanya east and west , and start the construction of the fourth phase of the Haikou power plant .
it is one of the focal points of fixed asset investment in Hainan province in 2005 to support the development of hsiang sanong tan .
Hainan will increase the work and support of drought relief organizations , increase the support funds for the construction of well drilling and water diversion facilities , step up the construction of agricultural infrastructure facilities , speed up the construction of large water conservancy projects , exempt the entire province from agricultural taxes , abolish pastoral taxes , increase subsidies to grain farmers in grain - growing areas , support the agricultural product processing industry and leading agricultural enterprises , increase the intensity of vocational training for rural labor , and organize peasants to go out to work .
Hainan province will continue to increase investment in public services and social infrastructure in 2005 .
we will ensure that water supply to cities and towns , disease control centers , the renovation of dangerous primary and secondary schools , and the Hainan provincial library are completed on schedule .
( fax from hometown of overseas chinese ) shishi peasants ' per capita net income ranks first in Fujian province
Xinhua news agency report of january 5 th from Fuzhou ( by staff reporter wang fanfan and li bingyuan ) - according to relevant departments of shishi city , Fujian province , in 2004 , the per capita net income of peasants in the city reached 8,038 yuan , an increase of 10% over the same period last year , ranking first among counties and cities in Fujian province .
after the implementation of the tax reform in 2004 , the total annual burden reduction of peasants in the city reached 7.2272 million yuan , with a burden reduction rate of 85.6 percent and a per capita burden reduction of 41.5 yuan .
Zeng shishi , a famous leisure and apparel city in china , has won the titles of county ( city ) with a basic economic competitiveness of 100 counties and county ( city ) with a top 10 economic strength of Fujian province .
since 2004 , the city has accelerated the process of building modern agriculture , and remarkable achievements have been made in agricultural and rural work .
at present , shishi city is the first in the whole province to realize that every village has access to public transportation , every village has access to running water , and every village has access to cable television .
at present , the city 's urbanization level has reached 51 percent , ranking first in the province at the county level .
the city has also vigorously promoted the integration of minimum living standards for urban and rural residents and a new type of universal rural health insurance .
the minimum guarantee standard for rural residents has been raised from an average of 100 yuan per person / month to 200 yuan equivalent to urban residents .
the new type of universal medical insurance in rural areas requires each person to pay an annual medical insurance premium of 60 yuan , and peasants only have to pay 10 yuan . the rest is borne by the city and town finances . at present , 10,600 peasants enjoy this policy .
in 2004 , shishi city budgeted 20.2 million yuan for agricultural support , an increase of 10.38 percent over the same period last year .
through free vocational skills training for the rural labor force , a total of 1,017 labor force members were transferred throughout the year .
Shishi city has also allocated 5 million yuan from its financial budget as funds for launching and rewarding rural renewal and reconstruction . at present , 86 key villages , accounting for 85 percent of the administrative villages , have been renovated and built . it plans to complete the task of renovating the old and building new villages in an all - round way in 2005 .
( sports ) the state council adjusts the leading body of the beijing olympic organizing committee
Xinhua news agency , beijing , january 6 ( reporter wang yong ) - the beijing olympic organizing committee held its 50th executive committee meeting on the 6th . Liu qi , member of the political bureau of the CPC central committee , secretary of the beijing municipal CPC committee , and chairman of the beijing olympic organizing committee , announced the notice of the state council 's appointment and dismissal of the beijing olympic organizing committee . State councilor Chen zhili ( female ) also serves as the first vice chairman of the beijing olympic organizing committee .
Liu qi , chairman ; Chen zhili , first vice president ( female ) ; liu Peng , director of the state general administration of sports ; wang Qishan , mayor of beijing municipality ; and Deng Pufang , chairman of the china federation of the handicapped , will be the executive chairmen of the revised beijing olympic organizing committee .
Executive vice chairmen liu Jingmin , li Zhijian , wang wei , yu zaiqing , Duan shijie , Jiang Xiaoyu , Zhang Mao , li binghua , yang shuan , and tang Xiaoquan ( female ) .
Liu qi said at the meeting : this readjustment is an important measure for implementing the spirit of the instructions of the CPC central committee and the state council on preparations for the olympic games , further strengthening the building of the leading body of the organizing committee for the olympic games , and adapting to the requirements of the new stage of preparations .
he said : the readjustment is needed to further give play to the advantages of the system , give play to the role of the olympic games as a driving force , further strengthen coordination and coordination with the central ministries and commissions , the state sports general administration , and beijing municipality , and form a joint force .
he said : starting this year , all preparatory work will be carried out in an all - round way .
no matter in the frontline work of venue construction , market development , propaganda and culture , sports competitions , technical system building , sports meeting services , or in the areas of human resources allocation , financial fund operation , support for laws and regulations , supervision , auditing , supervision , and other support work , it is necessary to further obtain the strong support and cooperation of the party central committee , the state council , the state general administration of sports , and relevant departments in beijing municipality .
the readjusted leading body will enable the beijing organizing committee for the olympic games to significantly enhance its ability to coordinate and integrate resources in all fields .
( sports ) Sharapova withdraws from Hong kong tennis tournament due to illness
Xinhua news agency , Hong kong , january 7 ( reporter GE hua ) - following the withdrawal of czech teenager Vidysova from singles due to illness a few days ago , Sharapova announced on the 7th that she had also withdrawn due to illness at this Hong kong world championship challenge .
explaining the news of her withdrawal from the competition , Sharapova said : " I woke up from a stomach ache at 2 : 00 in the morning yesterday and felt cold all over me . it seemed that i had a cold feeling .
I called the hotel doctor and got initial treatment .
when i got up this morning , i felt very weak and weak . I realized that i might not be able to compete in today 's competition .
the doctor also reminded me that I had better have enough rest before next Monday .
Sharapova apologized to the fans who came to watch her match on the spot . she said : " I feel very sad . I love Hong kong . I hope to play well for the fans here , but i really cannot persist because of my health . I am sorry . "
" Sharapova 's withdrawal is a big blow to the game and to the fans , but first of all we want Sharapova to be healthy , " said director - general Carton .
to make up for the injured heart of the fans , the embarrassed organizer temporarily adjusted the match and launched a rare three - set two - win wheel battle .
Vidysova , who recently withdrew from the match due to ill health , will join russian youngster Zvonareva in taking turns to face two pairs of superpowers Venus and Sanchez as well as Jementieva and Sanchez .
( international ) chinese scientific expedition team to reach highest point of antarctic ice sheet
Xinhua news agency report of january 8th from Ushuaia port ( by staff reporter cao yu and shen an ) - - Zhang zhanhai , leader of china 's 21st antarctic expedition team , said on the 8th that china 's expedition team has overcome numerous difficulties and reached a height of about 50 kilometers from the highest point of the antarctic inland ice cap , the dome of the dome , and is expected to successfully ascend the peak in the next two days , thus making china the world 's first country to ascend this unapproachable pole of the earth .
Zhang zhanhai told Xinhua that one of the important purposes of this expedition is to make preparations for the establishment of the third chinese scientific expedition station in the antarctic inland , and to establish a climatic and environmental monitoring system between Zhongshan station and dome a .
there are 13 members of the icecap team , the oldest being 54 years old and the youngest 26 years old , with an average age of over 40 .
seven of them have previously taken part in the antarctic expedition and three of them have taken part in the domestic high - altitude glacier expedition .
Zhang zhanhai said : the icecap scientific examination was basically carried out according to the plan , but many difficulties were encountered during the inspection .
the biggest test was that one of the eight sledges ruptured its shaft due to mechanical reasons , causing the entire team to be unable to move forward .
for this reason , the entire team had to retreat 60 kilometers and move on after the base camp replaced its new sleigh .
another difficulty is altitude reaction .
after climbing the 3,800 - metre high , many of the team members had a more pronounced reaction , shortness of breath , and developed adverse cardiac reactions .
relying on the spirit of unity and struggle , the members of the scientific examination team overcame numerous difficulties on the way forward .
( tsunami relief ) china radio international and china philanthropic association to jointly stage radio charity performance
Xinhua news agency , beijing , january 9 ( reporter zhu yu and zhou tingyu ) the reporter learned from the china philanthropic association that on the 13th , china radio international and the china philanthropic association will jointly launch a relief broadcast charity performance , and cui Jian will lead china 's original music elite disaster relief .
this is another charity performance after the two charity shows held on 6 july and 9 july respectively in tsung oi , china .
the relief charity show , entitled &quot; Ta RAD 10 AID Tan , &quot; will begin at 8 : 00 pm on the 13th at the beijing candy entertainment space .
at that time , the Huaer band , long Kuan jiu band , the Trojan horse band , and many other elite musicians from the mainland will join hands to jointly perform art for the relief of the indian ocean disaster victims and express their love for them .
all donations received by individuals and enterprises for the broadcast benefit will be donated to the indian ocean disaster area through the china philanthropic association .
the music channel of china international broadcasting station will broadcast the relief live at the performance live from 8 : 00 pm to 10 : 00 pm on the 13th . listeners in beijing and Guangdong can listen to the live broadcast on the FM88.7 and FM88.5 bands respectively to share the warm atmosphere of the relief charity performance live .
at the same time , the entire live broadcast will also be broadcast live by international on - line and TOM websites . Internet users from all over the world will also be able to feel the grand occasion of the relief charity performance on the internet .
listeners and internet users across the country can also take part in fundraising activities for disaster relief at any time through the hotline or text messages to offer their love to the people in the indian ocean disaster areas .
( international ) korea pilot satellite digital multimedia broadcasting
Xinhua news agency , Seoul , january 10 ( reporter Zhang Jinfang ) - south korea 's satellite digital multimedia broadcasting was successfully piloted on the 10th , marking the beginning of south korea 's era of satellite digital multimedia broadcasting .
the so - called satellite digital multimedia broadcasting refers to the form of broadcasting multimedia radio and television programs by satellite , and the audience can receive program signals on the move with mobile phones and other terminals .
on the morning of the 10th , the TU media company , a subsidiary of the SK telecommunications company , opened a total of nine channels during satellite digital multimedia broadcasting , including three television programs , including news , music , and television dramas , and six music programs , including the latest popular songs , old songs , and jazz music .
on the same day , the SK communications company introduced to the market the first batch of 250 mobile phones capable of receiving satellite digital multimedia broadcasting . some of the audience used these mobile phones to receive satellite digital multimedia broadcasting programs broadcast .
it has been learned that the ROK government has listed satellite digital multimedia broadcasting as a key development science and technology project , and has actively supported enterprises in developing satellite digital multimedia broadcasting technology and its products .
in april 2004 , the ROK national assembly passed a newly revised " broadcasting law , " which allows satellite digital multimedia broadcasting .
at the end of 2003 , the Korea SK Communications Company established the TU Media Company in cooperation with Japanese enterprises to prepare for the establishment of a satellite digital multimedia broadcasting station .
Samsung Electronics Company and LG Electronics Company have successively developed mobile phones for receiving satellite digital multimedia broadcasts .
relevant departments of the ROK have decided that satellite digital multimedia broadcasting will first be piloted for four months , and the official broadcast will begin in may this year .
( Hong kong , Macao , Taiwan ) research institute predicts Hong kong 's economy to grow by about 6% in 2005
Xinhua news agency , Hong kong , january 11 ( reporter su Xiao ) - the asia - pacific economic cooperation research center of the university of Hong kong said on the 11th that the global economic environment remains optimistic this year . Hong kong 's economy is expected to grow by about 6% this year , with an annual growth rate of 4.4% in the first quarter .
speaking at a press conference on Hong kong 's macroeconomic forecast , the director of the Hong kong university 's asia - pacific economic cooperation research center , mr wang yu - chien , said that although interest rates were expected to rise this year , the economies of Hong kong 's major trading partners would grow slowly , and the economies of the united states and mainland china would grow by 3.6% and 8.5% respectively , the global economic environment remained optimistic in 2005 .
he said the centre forecast that Hong kong 's economy would maintain a growth rate of about 6% in 2005 and consumer prices would rise by 3% by the end of the year .
labour market adjustment remains sluggish ; unemployment will fall slightly to around 6.3 per cent at the end of the year .
instability caused by fluctuations in global oil prices continues to be a major source of uncertainty for Hong kong 's economy .
Shao qi , deputy director of the research center , said that economic growth will slow down in the first quarter of this year , with gdp increasing by 4.4% . the slowdown reflects Hong kong 's weakening foreign demand , which is due to the slower economic growth of Hong kong 's major trading partners .
according to the report , Hong kong 's gross domestic product ( gdp ) will grow strongly by 8% in 2004 , with average price levels falling only slightly by 0.5% and deflation disappearing in the third quarter of last year .
Chairman of the Hong kong guanhong economic forecast committee , mr Chow yee - Hing , said that Hong kong 's strong economic growth in 2004 mainly reflected the sound foundation of the local economy , the strong competitiveness of the foreign trade market , and its ability to benefit from last year 's strong global economic growth and the rapid growth of the mainland market economy . the end of deflation has enabled operators to enjoy more cash flow .
( Sino - portuguese exchanges ) Shanghai world expo becomes new link in sino - portuguese cooperation
Xinhua news agency , Shanghai , january 14 ( reporter wu yu and zhou xierong ) visiting portuguese president Sampaio attended the signing ceremony of a memorandum of understanding between Shanghai and Portugal on world expo affairs on the evening of the 14th .
this indicates that the Shanghai 2010 world exposition is becoming a new link in sino - portuguese cooperation .
Sampaio said that Portugal has great enthusiasm and interest in fully participating in the preparation of the Shanghai world expo and believes that with the efforts and wisdom of the chinese people , the Shanghai world expo will be a success in five and a half years ' time .
he stressed : as a rapidly developing international metropolis , Shanghai is playing an increasingly important role in promoting mutual understanding among the people of the whole world and the cause of world peace , and the Shanghai world expo is bound to become an important event in this regard .
Sampaio placed high hopes on portuguese - chinese cooperation in world expo affairs .
he said : at present , portuguese - chinese relations are undergoing an important period of development . he hopes that the Shanghai world expo will be used as a link to further expand the good relations between the two countries from the political field to the economic , trade , cultural , tourism , education , and other fields , thus promoting the all - round development of eu - china relations .
it has been learned that Shanghai 's cooperation with Portugal on world expo affairs involves technology and experience in the planning of the park , the design of the pavilion , the subsequent utilization of exhibition equipment , as well as various business plans , project management , operational processes , deepening of the theme , media dissemination , training of human resources , security systems and control , and ticketing strategies involved in the operation of the world expo during its holding period .
before the signing of the memorandum of understanding on world expo affairs , Shanghai mayor han zheng met with president Sampaio and his entourage .
( international ) Yushchenko Requests Supporters to Evacate the Center of Kiev
Xinhua news agency , Kiev , january 14 , according to media reports here on the 14 th , the two Ukrainian presidential candidates took tit - for - tat action on the same day .
former prime minister Viktor Yanukovych filed a complaint with the supreme court demanding that the results of the presidential election announced by the central election commission be overturned , while opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko demanded that his supporters evacuate tents erected in central Kiev for the protest .
Yanukovych &apos;s representative Shufric submitted 621 volumes of written material and 233 audio and video tapes as evidence to the Supreme Court .
he emphatically pointed out that if the court makes an unfair ruling , Yanukovych 's supporters will launch a large - scale nationwide protest .
at the same time , Yushchenko and his aides discussed the formation of a new government .
he said in a statement on his campaign website that he would establish a new government with broad representation and invited all political forces willing to build the country , both inside and outside parliament , to join the cabinet .
analysts pointed out that Yushchenko 's move to ask supporters to evacuate the city center of Kiev shows that he has determined that the supreme court will reject Yanukovych 's appeal and that there is no obstacle to his election to office .
he did not , however , set a clear time frame for the demolition .
Yushchenko and Yanukovych received 51.99% and 44.20% of all valid ballots counted , according to the official results of the second round of the presidential election announced by the central election commission on the evening of the 10th .
Chinese government promulgates regulations on railway transport safety
Xinhua news agency , beijing , january 15 , premier Wen Jiabao of the state council recently signed state council decree no . 430 promulgating the " regulations on the safety and protection of railway transport . "
the " regulations , " consisting of 103 articles , will come into force on 1 april 2005 .
the " regulations " were formulated in accordance with the " railway law of the people 's republic of china " and the " production safety law of the people 's republic of china " in order to strengthen the safety management of railway transportation , ensure the safety and smooth flow of railway transportation , and protect personal safety , property safety , and other legitimate rights and interests .
the " regulations " point out that the state council 's department in charge of railways is responsible for the supervision and management of railway transport safety throughout the country .
the railway administration organ set up by the competent department of railways under the State Council shall be responsible for the supervision and administration of railway transport safety within its own region .
the " regulations " say that local people 's governments at all levels and local people 's governments at and above the county level along the railway line should , in accordance with their respective responsibilities , do a good job in the work related to the safety of railway transport , step up education in the safety of railway transport , implement a joint responsibility system for protecting roads , prevent and stop acts that endanger the safety of railway transport , and coordinate and handle matters related to the safety of railway transport .
the " regulations " point out that public security organs should , in accordance with the division of responsibilities , maintain law and order in railway stations , trains , and other railway sites , as well as law and order along railway lines .
railway transport enterprises should strengthen the management of railway transport safety , establish and perfect a production safety management system , set up safety management organs , and ensure the necessary investment of funds for railway transport safety .
railway transport personnel should adhere to their posts , carry out standard operations in accordance with procedures , perform their duties and responsibilities , and ensure transport safety .
( international ) overseas chinese in japan support china in enacting anti - secession law
Xinhua news agency , Tokyo , january 18 ( reporter le shaoyan ) ( japan ) the china council for the promotion of peace recently held a meeting at the Yokohama Zhongshan memorial hall , expressing firm support for the chinese government 's enactment of an anti-secession law and its efforts to promote the great cause of the motherland 's reunification .
the meeting held that Taiwan independence is the greatest harm to the interests of the Taiwan compatriots and the greatest threat to the situation in the Taiwan strait .
enacting the anti-secession law is conducive to cracking down on Taiwan independence forces and their separatist activities , is conducive to peace and stability in the Taiwan strait , is conducive to the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation , is fundamentally aimed at protecting the vital interests of the Taiwan compatriots , and is a legal guarantee for realizing the aspirations of the broad masses of Taiwan compatriots for peace , stability , and development .
the meeting also adopted a statement expressing firm support for the government 's formulation of an anti - secession law to safeguard china 's reunification .
the statement said : the separatist activities extremely carried out by the pro - Taiwan independence forces have fundamentally undermined the one - china principle and harmed the fundamental interests of the chinese nation .
it is the common will of overseas chinese compatriots and compatriots on both sides of the Taiwan strait to pass legislation to stop the separatist acts of the pro - Taiwan independence elements .
the statement held that the enactment of the anti - secession law fully demonstrates the great sincerity of the chinese government and people in upholding peaceful reunification and their firm determination to resolutely safeguard state sovereignty and territorial integrity , and has won the full support of the people 's will and the broad masses of overseas chinese and foreign nationals of chinese origin in japan .
on the same day , the federation of overseas chinese and foreign nationals of chinese origin in japan , the federation of overseas chinese in Tokyo , and the association of people living in Taiwan province in japan also issued separate statements expressing support for china 's enactment of an anti-secession law and resolutely safeguarding national reunification .
( international ) Peruvian capital Lima celebrates 470 th anniversary
Xinhua news agency , lima , january 18 ( reporter wang lu ) - on the 18th , citizens of lima , the capital of peru , held grand and colorful cultural and entertainment activities in various parts of the city to solemnly celebrate the 470th anniversary of Lima city .
on the same day , parks , churches , and other public places in Lima city successively held various celebrations organized by the municipal government and nongovernmental organizations , including large - scale mass prayers , exhibitions and sales of ethnic products , and the famous Peruvian martin show .
Lima mayor Louisiana Castaneda said that the city of Lima , which has a long history , is moving toward standardization and modernization . in the future , he will give top priority to improving the city 's economic environment and improving social service projects .
on the evening of the 17 th , nearly 3,000 citizens watched a splendid singing and dancing evening held by the municipal government at the weapons square in the city center . the colorful lights decorated the ancient buildings around the square . famous singers and dancers performed folk songs and dances from different regions .
the city residents also watched the colorful fireworks and celebrated together until midnight .
on january 18 , 1535 , spanish adventurer Pizarro came to the rimark river to establish the city of Lima and set up the government house , saying that this was to pay tribute to then spanish king Carlos v and queen mother Juana , so Lima was also known as the city of the bangladesh .
after peru 's independence in 1821 , lima became a national political , economic , and cultural center .
at present , Lima 's urban area has grown from 2.14 square kilometers at the beginning of its construction to more than 2,600 square kilometers , and its population has also increased to about 8 million , accounting for about 31 percent of the country 's total population .
( international ) Argentine vice president and senate president meets li tieying
Xinhua news agency , buenos aires , january 19 ( reporter cao yu and shen an ) - Argentine vice president and president of the senate Xiao li said in a meeting with li tieying , vice chairman of the standing committee of the chinese national people 's congress , and the chinese people 's congress delegation led by him at the government palace on the 19th that he hopes to further strengthen friendly and cooperative relations between argentina and china in all fields .
Xiao li said : in 2004 , the two countries realized mutual visits by top leaders , established a strategic partnership , signed a series of agreements on friendly cooperation , and the friendly relations between the two countries have continuously developed .
at present , the relations between the two countries are in the best period in history , and it is hoped that the two sides will further strengthen all - round cooperation in the future , especially exchanges between the Argentine parliament and the chinese national people 's congress .
Xiao li said : Argentina attaches great importance to developing a strategic partnership with china and learning from china 's valuable experience in economic development .
Argentina agrees with the one - china stand .
Li tieying first conveyed chairman wu Bangguo 's regards to vice president Xiao li and president of the senate .
Li tieying said that sino - Argentine relations entered a new stage in 2004 when Argentine president Kirchner and chinese president hu Jintao exchanged visits and decided to establish a strategic partnership .
the chinese government attaches great importance to developing relations with latin american countries , including argentina .
Li tieying said : the chinese government appreciates argentina 's adherence to the one - china stand .
Li tieying and his party arrived in buenos aires on 18 april for a friendly visit to argentina at the invitation of the Argentine national congress .
he also met with Camanio , speaker of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies .
the chinese NPC delegation led by li tieying will also pay friendly visits to Uruguay and brazil .
( international ) CIS Collective Security Treaty Organization to Strengthen Military Capacity to Counter Threats
Xinhua news agency , Moscow , january 20 , Borgiuza , secretary general of the commonwealth of independent states collective security treaty organization , said on the 20th that the organization will strengthen its military strength to deal with major contemporary threats such as international terrorism , drug smuggling , illegal immigration , and organized crime .
speaking at an international symposium on the cis collective security treaty organization held in Moscow on the same day , Borgiuza said that the cis joint force cluster currently being set up in central asia will be guaranteed by a series of practical measures . in the process of establishment , it will draw on the experience of the russian - Belarusian joint force cluster in eastern europe and the russian - Armenian joint force cluster in the Caucasus region .
he said : according to the joint military construction plan up to 2010 , the organization will establish a unified air defense , communications , and information reconnaissance support system in the central Asian region .
at the same time , unified standards for military training will be formulated and relevant material and technological reserves will be established .
Borgiuza pointed out that the establishment of the rapid reaction force of the cis collective security treaty organization ( CSTO ) is conducive to curbing extremist organization forces in central asia , and the force has already demonstrated such strength during last year 's military exercises .
he stressed that the organization would not use its troops outside its member states .
the CIS Collective Security Treaty Organization has six member States : Russia , Armenia , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan and Belarus .
its predecessor was the commonwealth of independent states collective security treaty signed by the above - mentioned six countries in 1992 .
in may 2002 , the council of the commonwealth of independent states ( cis ) decided to transform the commonwealth of independent states ( cis ) collective security treaty into the commonwealth of independent states ( cis ) collective security treaty organization ( CSTO ) and set up a military management organ of the CSTO .
Beijing simultaneously issued seven safety management standards for densely populated places in the capital
Xinhua news agency , beijing , january 24 ( reporter Zhang Miao , wang wentao ) - the beijing municipal commercial bureau , the cultural bureau , and the gardening bureau also issued on the 24th seven safety management standards for shopping malls , parks , and other densely populated residential areas .
Lu hao , vice mayor of beijing municipality , said : the formulation and promulgation of these seven safety management standards is a concrete manifestation of the standardization of beijing 's safety quality .
among the seven trial safety management standards , namely , the " safety management standards for shopping malls and supermarkets in beijing municipality ( for trial ) , " the " safety management standards for business performance places in beijing municipality ( for trial ) , " the " safety management standards for internet service business places in beijing municipality ( for trial ) , " and the " safety management standards for parks and scenic spots in beijing municipality ( for trial ) , " strict numerical norms have been applied to all cases involving evacuation corridors and exits . for example , the " safety management standards for business performance places in beijing municipality ( for trial ) " stipulate that the minimum net width of evacuation exits and evacuation corridors for business performance places should not be less than 1.40 meters .
Liu Rong , chief engineer of the beijing municipal park and forestry bureau , told this reporter that the seven " codes " have for the first time studied and made explicit stipulations on the relationship between the business area and the number of customers , no matter if they are directed at shopping malls , supermarkets , cinemas , or parks . for example , the " beijing municipal park and scenic spot safety management standards ( trial implementation ) " clearly stipulates that park management organizations should receive visitors according to the tourist capacity stipulated in the " park design standards . "
the seven " regulations " will be implemented on a trial basis within two months before and after the spring festival , and will be put into effect simultaneously on 24 march 2005 .
