Guangdong exports 3.76 billion us dollars of high - tech products in first two months of this year
Xinhua news agency , Guangzhou , march 16 ( reporter Chen ji ) - the latest statistics show that from january to february this year , Guangdong province exported 3.76 billion us dollars of high and new technology products , up 34.8 percent over the same period last year , accounting for 25.5% of the province 's total export value .
the export of high and new technology products has seen frequent bright spots , which have made important contributions to the growth of Guangdong 's foreign trade .
last year , Guangdong province exported 22,294 million us dollars of new and high - tech products , up 31 percent over the same period of last year , 27.2 percentage points higher than the province 's export growth rate . the net increase in exports of new and high - tech products was 5.27 billion us dollars , making up for the decline in the export value of traditional labor - intensive products brought about by falling prices .
among Guangdong 's exports of new and high - tech products , computer and telecommunications technology products outshone all the others , with a total export value of $ 19.14 billion last year , accounting for 85.9 percent of the province 's total export value of new and high - tech products .
the main markets for the export of new and high technology products from Guangdong Province are Hong Kong , the United States , the European Union and Japan .
last year , the total export volume of the high and new technology industrial belt in the pearl river delta reached $ 21.99 billion , accounting for 98.7% of the province 's total export volume of high and new technology products .
this year , this dominant role is still very conspicuous .
at present , over 95% of the computers in the pearl river delta region are fully equipped to provide all computer spare parts except CPU .
FIFA to punish cheating in football field
Xinhua news agency , beijing , march 17 , the executive committee of the international football federation ( FIFA ) revealed on the 16 th that in this year 's world cup , the referees will adopt stricter measures to deal with those players who profit by diving and other means .
according to foreign reports , the FIFA executive committee said in a press release that it would fully support the referees in strictly enforcing the law , especially against players who deceive the spectators .
the FIFA Executive Committee also announced a number of reform measures .
FIFA rules that no words should be written on players ' waistcoats starting july 1 this year , and that FIFA allows advertisements to appear on players ' uniforms but only in front of them , as long as the players write contradictory words on their waistcoats .
suicide bombings in jerusalem
Xinhua news agency report of march 17 from jerusalem ( by staff reporter Zhong cuihua and nie xiaoyang ) - a man detonated an accompanying bomb next to a bus in a residential area in northern jerusalem on the afternoon of the 17th . the perpetrators were killed on the spot and nine others were slightly injured . they were taken to hospital for medical treatment .
at present , the police have sealed off the explosion site .
less than two hours ago , there was a palestinian shooting incident in the northern Israeli town of Kafsa Sabah .
according to the latest reports , a 16 - year - old Israeli girl was killed and at least 12 others were wounded .
the gunman was shot dead by the police .
at present , no organization has claimed responsibility for the attack .
the Israeli Prime Minister &apos;s Office condemned the shooting .
Israeli prime minister Sharon said on the same day that although Israel and the palestinian side are currently engaged in cease-fire efforts , Israel will react to any attack .
civil service painting and calligraphy competition to mark 5 th anniversary of Hong kong 's return to the motherland
Xinhua news agency , Hangzhou , march 18 , this year marks the fifth anniversary of Hong kong 's return to the motherland and marks the promulgation and implementation of china 's first " code of conduct for state functionaries . " to celebrate these two happy events , a calligraphy and painting competition for state functionaries will be launched among Hong kong , Macao , and mainland government functionaries with the creation of the theme of the public servants of the state functionaries in lien tan .
the competition was organised by the Hong Kong Wen Po , the China Mayors Association and the Hong Kong Cultural and Leisure Services Department .
the public servants participating in the competition will create and express the scenery of the motherland in the form of chinese paintings and write poems , poems , songs , and oeuvres . they will also create calligraphy works based on the norms of conduct , wise words , mottos , and aphorisms jointly observed by public servants . they will advocate the style of honesty , diligence , pragmatism , and conscientiousness in performing official duties , so as to enhance the cultural accomplishment and professional level of public servants .
the competition will highlight the festive atmosphere of the fifth anniversary of Hong kong 's return to the motherland and fully display the artistic charm of chinese painting and calligraphy .
it is learned that the deadline for the collection of works for the competition will be april 20 , 2002 .
the winning entries will be collected for publication and distribution on the fifth anniversary of Hong kong 's reunification .
ANC opposes sanctions against Zimbabwe
Xinhua news agency , Johannesburg , march 18 ( reporter plateau ) general secretary of south africa 's ruling african national congress ( ANC ) Motland criticized the united states , britain , and other western countries here on the 18th in an attempt to force Zimbabwe to act according to the wishes of western countries through sanctions .
in response to the threat of sanctions against Zimbabwe threatened by western countries , Motland told the press : " it is up to the Zimbabwean people to decide who should lead Zimbabwe . it is not up to the western countries to decide who should lead Zimbabwe . "
he pointed out : mutual respect for state sovereignty is an international norm that every country must abide by . the ANC resolutely opposes sanctions imposed by western countries against a sovereign country .
Motlanthe said that if western countries impose further sanctions on Zimbabwe , not only will this not help , but it will also aggravate the unrest in Zimbabwean society .
he called on the Zimbabwean government and opposition parties to work together to overcome the food shortage and land crisis .
he stressed that only by strengthening unity can any attempt to split Zimbabwe be thwarted .
earlier , the ANC issued a statement demanding that the international community respect the choices of the Zimbabwean people and help them tide over difficulties .
Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe was re - elected in the march 9 - 11 presidential election , but western countries accused the election of serious fraud and lack of fairness and freedom , so they refused to acknowledge the election results and threatened to impose further sanctions on Zimbabwe .
at present , some western countries have announced the termination of economic aid to Zimbabwe .
before the election , eu countries had imposed targeted sanctions on Zimbabwe on the grounds that the government had restricted press freedom and obstructed supervision .
French athletes return to Paris for paralympic winter olympics
Xinhua news agency , Paris , march 18 ( reporter wang Jingcheng ) french athletes who participated in the paralympic winter olympics held in salt lake city , united states from march 7 to 16 returned to Paris today .
at the de Gaulle airport , the athletes were warmly welcomed by the french minister of youth and sports , Bifei , the representative of the minister responsible for family , children , and handicapped people , Sejong Royale , and others concerned .
the french team , which participated in the eighth paralympic winter games in salt lake city , the united states , won a total of 19 medals at the games , of which nine were won by women athletes , including one gold medal and 10 by men athletes , including one gold medal .
this was the best performance of the French delegation at the Winter Olympics .
speaking at the welcoming ceremony , Sejon Royale said that the french athletes have changed society 's view of them with their special performance , and the french people are grateful for their outstanding contributions in the struggle to change people 's view of the disabled .
the french government will , as always , continue to support sports for the disabled , the minister said in his speech .
Jordan returns from injury as early as Sunday
Xinhua news agency , washington , march 19 ( reporter Xie Peilin ) - after undergoing surgery on his right knee , jin feiren and Jordan are expected to recover as early as Sunday . however , as the regular season is drawing to a close , it seems difficult for the washington wizards to hit the playoffs because of this .
Wizards coach Collins revealed today that Jordan has stepped up his rehabilitation efforts . although he does not want to make appearances in Denver and salt lake city on Wednesday and Thursday , he is likely to go to Toronto on Sunday to put on the Wizards clothes again to challenge the raptors , who are currently in poor condition .
Collins said : " he may appear at any time . it all depends on how he feels . "
at present , the focus of his training is on defense , while also practicing shooting .
he is prepared to increase his strength slightly to see if his body can adapt .
as far as the knee is concerned , he said it was at least 100 percent better than before the operation .
Jordan scored an average of 24 points this season . he underwent surgery three weeks ago . during this period , the team won four games and lost eight .
at present , there are only 15 games left in the regular season , with the Wizards 31-36 , ranking 10th in the eastern league , behind the Miami heatwaves by half , and leading the raptors by one game , but still two and a half games away from the eighth place - winning Charlotte Hornets .
coach Collins naturally hopes that Jordan 's comeback will enable the team to make a qualitative leap forward , at least to win successively in a short period of time , thus reviving the hope of the playoffs .
Collins said : " if Jordan had not been absent due to injury , we would have won at least three more games earlier . "
as far as the current situation is concerned , he is fully capable of activating the team in time .
South Korea will send a message to North Korea that it hopes to resume talks
Xinhua news agency , Seoul , march 19 ( reporter Zhang li ) - according to a report by Yonhap news agency , the south Korean government has submitted a request to Indonesian president Megawati to convey to north Korean leader Kim Chong - il south Korean president Kim tae - Chung 's message that south Korean president Kim tae - Chung hopes to resume talks between north and south korea and between north korea and the united states as soon as possible .
an official of the ROK government said : the contents of the information include that the ROK , the united states , and japan all hope to resolve the issue through dialogue with the DPRK , and hope that the DPRK side will adopt a positive attitude .
it is reported that Indonesian president Megawati will visit the DPRK from 28 to 30 march and the ROK from 30 march to 1 april .
the ROK government has already conveyed this message to the Indonesian side through diplomatic channels .
the ROK government denied a report in japan 's Asahi Shimbun that Megawati would hand over Kim tae - Chung 's handwritten letter to Kim Chong - il .
European Central Bank Officials Say Eurozone Economy to Speed Up within Year
Xinhua news agency report of march 20 from Brussels ( by staff reporter wang xingqiao ) - european central bank chief economist Dr. Issing said here on the 20th that the euro zone economy has come out of its doldrums and will begin to pick up faster this year .
Issing made the above remarks at a hearing held by the european parliament in Brussels .
he said the latest data showed that the euro zone economy had picked up slowly at the beginning of this year , and the rate of economic recovery was expected to accelerate within the year .
the euro zone is expected to grow at a rate of 2 to 2.5 percent this year .
Issing believes that the rebound of the euro zone 's economy is mainly due to the growth of consumer spending and the fact that commodity inventories in the euro zone are now approaching very low levels .
with regard to inflation , Issing said that the inflation rate in the euro zone as a whole has shown a downward trend , and there is no indication that there will be a risk of price instability in the middle stage of economic development .
commenting on the current world energy situation , Issin said that the recent rise in world oil market prices has aroused the concern of economic policy makers in various countries , and the impact of the oil price rise on the long - term economic trend should not be underestimated .
Hong kong police first detected trafficking in dangerous drugs on internet
Xinhua news agency , Hong kong , march 21 ,
the narcotics bureau of the Hong kong police force pointed out that this was the first discovery made by the Hong kong police and should be taken seriously .
the Hong kong police said that in the past year , a total of several cases of Hong kong people using the internet to pay by credit card to purchase ecstasy and other drugs had been detected .
drug traffickers buy drugs in Thailand and mail them to drug users in Hong kong .
the chief superintendent of the narcotics bureau of the Hong kong police force , mr ip Lau - Chuen , pointed out that credit cards had been used for online ordering in a number of cases detected last year .
the Hong kong police are working with the relevant disciplined services to crack down on this new crime .
speaking at a seminar on cross - boundary organized crime held in Hong kong not long ago , the head of the un international narcotics commission pointed out that internet drug trafficking will be a new challenge for law enforcement agencies in the future .
the security bureau of the Hong kong special administrative region ( HKSAR ) completed the consultation on computer - related crimes last year and will amend the law to crack down on any use of computers to commit crimes .
African university students urge africa not to become a periphery of new technologies
Xinhua news agency , Abidjan , march 21 ( reporter song nan ) at the second forum of african institutions of higher learning , which opened on the 21st , university students attending the forum called on african youth to actively use high technology in the field of information and communications to meet the challenges of economic globalization and not to let the african continent become a remote region in the field of new technology .
in his speech , the chairman of the meeting held that new and high technologies have promoted the development of Asian , european , and american countries .
the arrival of the new century has brought many opportunities and challenges to the african continent . African young people should strive to master new and high technologies and make their own contributions to a better future for africa .
the theme of this year 's forum of african institutions of higher learning is : new technologies , information , and exchanges will bring more opportunities to african talent training .
during the three - day conference , experts from more than a dozen african universities and enterprises will discuss topics such as the future of africa and the challenges of new technologies , cultural diversity and economic development in tajikistan , and the opportunities and prospects that tajikistan 's e - commerce will bring to africa .
large @-@ scale campus cultural exhibitions will also be held during the conference .
Indonesia reiterates opposition to foreign military presence
Xinhua news agency , Jakarta , march 22 ( reporter mai tangyuan ) indonesia 's foreign ministry issued a press release on the 22nd reiterating its opposition to the stationing of foreign troops on the island .
the Indonesian foreign ministry reiterated this position in response to a report in the usa today newspaper on 20 march that the united states intends to send troops to indonesia to help crack down on members of the Asahi group who fled afghanistan .
according to the communique , the us government has never formally made such a request to the Indonesian government , which can also be confirmed by the us white house and defense department later denying the report .
the communique reiterated that indonesia pursues a positive and independent foreign policy , that indonesia has conducted close and beneficial cooperation with the united states and other countries to jointly oppose terrorism , and that the Indonesian government is willing to continue to strengthen cooperation in this regard .
Ukraine condemns us interference in its internal affairs
Xinhua news agency , Kiev , march 22 ( reporter Zhang Zhiqiang ) Ukrainian president Kuchma issued a statement to the press on the 22nd on the interference of the us house of representatives in ukraine 's internal affairs , saying that the us house resolution is an unprecedented event and that it is confusing and puzzling .
the us house of representatives on the 20th passed a resolution on the upcoming parliamentary elections in ukraine , calling on ukraine to guarantee transparent , free , and fair elections on the 31st of this month .
the resolution also pointed out : the Ukrainian government should earnestly implement the new parliamentary election law , and the election results should indicate whether ukraine will continue to carry out democratic reforms .
Kuchma said that the ethnic group of ukraine is not a football that can be manipulated at will , and Ukrainians should have their own dignity .
Kuchma also thanked Lozinski , president of the world congress of Ukrainians , for his letter to the us congress .
Lozinski said in his letter , " look at what you have done yourself . "
learn at home first , and then teach others .
Ukrainian communist party leader Simon Nienko said on the same day that the us act is a gross interference in ukraine 's internal affairs and a threat to ukraine 's national independence .
Zinchenko , leader of the united social democratic party of ukraine , said : a one - sided appraisal of ukraine 's election campaign in the us house of representatives resolution will lead to polarization of ukraine 's political forces .
a spokesman for the Ukrainian foreign ministry said today that the election of representatives of the supreme and local legislative organs of ukraine is purely a matter for the Ukrainian people .
in the final stage of the Ukrainian parliamentary election campaign , it is hoped that all countries will show caution and abide by the norms of international law , such as non - interference in internal affairs .
Arab countries unanimously oppose us attack on iraq
Xinhua news agency , Riyadh , march 23 , according to a report in the Riyadh newspaper on the 23rd , Lebanese president Lahoud said in an interview with the newspaper that although the arab summit has not yet opened , they have taken a unanimous stand on the iraq issue and opposed the united states ' attack on iraq .
Lahoud pointed out : no arab country agrees that the united states or its allies should attack any arab country without proper reasons . the united states must understand the consequences of such attacks , no matter what the pretexts or pretexts for attacks are .
Lahoud believes that the fight against terrorism or the axis of evil is an attractive pretext for influencing western public opinion , but criminal activities should not be carried out under such a pretext .
he also urged the united states not to adopt double standards , that is , to fight terrorism in one region while ignoring Israeli state terrorism in another region .
senior ROK officials to visit DPRK in april
Xinhua news agency , beijing , march 25 , according to information received here , a spokesman for the presidential office of the republic of korea announced in Seoul on the 25 th that ROK president Kim tae - Chung 's special adviser on foreign affairs , security , and reunification will visit the DPRK in the first week of april . he will hold talks with DPRK officials on the exchange of visits between separated relatives of the south and the north and on ways to ease tensions between the south and the north of the Korean peninsula .
the spokesman said : the DPRK side hopes that the talks will lay a foundation for resuming north - south relations , but she did not mention the details of the talks .
she said that details of the talks will be announced after Lin Dongyuan returns from north korea .
meanwhile , the DPRK central news agency also issued a brief statement on the same day , saying that president Kim tae - Chung 's special envoy will visit the DPRK .
the statement said that the two sides will hold talks on the serious situation on the Korean peninsula and issues of common concern .
Indonesian parliament speaker to stand trial
Xinhua news agency , beijing , march 25 , Indonesian parliament speaker Akbar Tandjung appeared in a Jakarta court on march 25 on charges of corruption and atonement , according to sources here .
Tanjung was accused of being responsible for the illegal diversion of 3.8 million us dollars of relief funds from indonesia 's state grain administration .
according to reports , the funds were later used to fund the 1999 election campaign of the professional bloc party led by Tandjung .
the relief funds were originally intended for poor families hit by the financial crisis , but investigators of the case found that the funds did not reach these families .
however , Tanjung has denied the above allegations .
analysts believe that regardless of the outcome of this trial , this incident may weaken Tanjung 's hope of being elected Indonesian president .
Tae Endeavour was delayed to launch due to a mechanical malfunction .
Xinhua news agency , washington , march 25 , due to technical problems with canada - made robots in the international space station , the launch of the space shuttle Asahi Endeavour will be postponed from may 6 to may 31 , the national aeronautics and space administration ( NASA ) said today .
it is reported that at that time , tan Endeavin will carry seven astronauts to the international space station for an 11 - day space flight .
the seven included astronauts from France and Russia .
a spokesman for the national aeronautics and space administration of the united states said that the space station staff can use this sufficient time to troubleshoot the malfunction , but the delay in launching also means that they will have to patiently stay for another three weeks , waiting for the united states ' Peggy Matson and two other russian astronauts to replace them .
Philip Zenperi from france is the first non - russian european astronaut to fly to the space station . he will carry out two space walks at the beginning of the mission .
shell 's total investment in china will reach 5 billion us dollars in three years
Xinhua news agency , beijing , march 26 ( reporter Qian chunxian ) shell group chairman wu zipei said a few days ago that shell group 's total investment in china will reach 5 billion us dollars by 2005 .
at the china development forum held here , he said that shell 's investment in china has already reached 1.6 billion us dollars , and with the addition of some projects being planned , the total investment in 2005 will reach 5 billion us dollars .
according to reports , shell is currently in talks with the chinese side on a number of cooperative projects .
among them , a joint venture project with Sinopec to establish 500 gas stations in Jiangsu is expected to start this year .
Mr ng said shell had been doing business with china for more than 100 years .
as far as shell is concerned , china 's market has great potential and is an important part of its global strategy .
with economic development , china 's energy demand is expected to double by 2020 , when china 's energy consumption will account for 16% of the world 's total .
China is facing severe energy challenges , and diversification of energy sources is very important to energy security and environmental protection . shell will play an important role in this process .
Xinhua news agency report of march 26th from the united nations ( by staff reporter gu zhenqiu ) - a un spokesman announced on the 26th that a un security council delegation will visit congo and other african countries involved in the congo conflict on april 27th to inject new vitality into the congo peace process .
the delegation , headed by french permanent representative to the united nations Levitte , will be composed of representatives of 15 un security council members , the spokesman said .
the main purpose of the visit is to conduct dialogue with the leaders of various parties to the conflict in the democratic republic of the congo ( DRC ) in order to urge the parties to the conflict to abide by the peace agreement they signed in the Zambian capital of Lusaka in 1999 .
this is the third time since may 2000 that the security council has sent a delegation to visit the great lakes region of africa .
Sri Lankan government to hold peace talks with LTTE
Xinhua news agency , Colombo , march 27 ( reporter Zhang Yadong ) the Sri Lankan government announced on the 27th that it plans to hold peace talks with the anti - government liberation tigers of Tamil Eelam in early may in an attempt to end nearly 20 years of bloody ethnic conflicts in the country .
Sri Lankan minister of justice , constitution , ethnic affairs and national integration Peris said at a press conference held on the same day that the Sri Lankan government and the tigers have agreed to hold peace talks as soon as possible , and the government hopes that the talks will be held in the first week of may .
he said : the initial talks will mainly prepare for entering into substantive talks .
the Sri Lankan government has not officially announced the venue of the talks , but there are reports that peace talks between the two sides will be held in Thailand .
Peris said that the government intends to hold talks with the tigers in a certain Asian country and has made relevant preparations for this .
in addition , it is reported that Barasimham , chief negotiator of the LTTE , who has been in exile in london for three years and returned to the LTTE - controlled areas in northern slovakia on the 25th , and Prabakaran , leader of the LTTE , recently held talks with Norwegian special envoy Solheim and Norwegian ambassador to slovakia in northern slovakia .
after the talks , the LTTE agreed to resume peace talks with the government when the situation in the areas under their control returned to normal , but still insisted that the government lift the ban on them before the peace talks .
in february this year , the Sri Lankan government and the tigers signed a permanent cease - fire agreement , laying a foundation for the two sides to start talks .
China Unicom 's net profit up nearly 38 percent last year
Xinhua news agency report of march 27th from Hong kong ( by staff reporter li Kai ) - china Unicom , a Hong kong - listed company , announced here today that china Unicom achieved good results in all fields of business in 2001 , with a total turnover of 29,393.3 billion yuan and a net profit of 4.457 billion yuan , an increase of nearly 38% over the previous year .
as one of china 's comprehensive telecommunications operators , china Unicom provides a variety of telecommunications services , including mobile communications , international and domestic long - distance calls , data , the internet , and paging .
China Unicom announced that last year , the company 's circuit - switched long - distance telephone and IP telephone business went to call and had a total time of 6.41 billion minutes , 5.9 times higher than that of the previous year , and its market share increased from 1.3 percent in 2000 to 7.7 percent , and the total time for connecting international calls increased 3.4 times over that of the previous year .
Yang Xianzu , CEO of China Unicom , said that this year , the company will continue to accelerate the development of mobile communications services , adopt a differentiated strategy , ensure the coordinated development of CDMA and GSM mobile communications services , and enable the company 's mobile phone users to continue to grow considerably .
China , japan sign currency swap agreement
Xinhua news agency , Tokyo , march 28 ( reporter wang Yan ) - dai xianglong , governor of the people 's bank of china , and Hayami , governor of the bank of japan , signed an agreement on bilateral currency exchange between the renminbi and the Japanese yen in Tokyo on the 28th .
according to the agreement , the people 's bank of china and the bank of japan can provide each other with a currency swap arrangement worth 3 billion us dollars if necessary to help them maintain the stability of the financial market .
the signing of a currency swap agreement between china and japan shows that cooperation between the central banks of the two countries has been further strengthened .
the agreement , signed by china and japan , is the second bilateral currency swap agreement signed between the people 's bank of china and the bank of Thailand in december 2001 .
in the future , china will also sign currency exchange agreements with south korea and some other countries .
Dai xianglong said : China will actively participate in asia 's financial cooperation , and is willing to make its own contribution to regional economic and financial stability and the prevention of risks together with other Asian countries and regions .
Wu Dawei , chinese ambassador to japan , attended the signing ceremony of the currency exchange agreement between the people 's bank of china and the bank of japan .
Afghanistan earthquake victims begin rebuilding homes
Xinhua news agency report of march 28 from Kabul ( by staff reporter pan yunzhao ) - three days after the earthquake , earthquake victims in the northern afghan province of Bagram have begun rebuilding their homes .
Rebecca , spokesman for the un office for the coordination of humanitarian assistance in afghanistan , told Xinhua that a central group composed of afghanistan 's interim government , un agencies , and non - governmental organizations ( ngos ) discovered on the 28th that the victims of the earthquake were already engaged in rebuilding their houses , and some of them also used relief materials provided by relief agencies to the victims .
she said that in view of this situation , un relief agencies have begun to consider the issue of helping disaster victims rebuild their homes .
at present , relief organizations already have a large amount of relief materials in stock in the earthquake - stricken areas and are distributing them to the victims through two methods : ground and air .
Afghanistan 's Nahrin and Berga regions were hit by a strong earthquake on friday , causing heavy casualties and leaving tens of thousands homeless .
Japan temporarily freezes humanitarian aid to russia
Xinhua news agency , Tokyo , march 29 , Japanese foreign minister Yoriko Kawaguchi announced on the 29 th that japan will temporarily freeze humanitarian aid to russia until the Japanese side carries out rectification and reform of the international committee in charge of aid projects .
Yoriko Kawaguchi said that in addition to maintaining the commission 's human expenditure and a technical cooperation project that japan is currently assisting russia , the Japanese government will control the financial assistance provided to russia through the commission until it is rectified .
the move was made in response to remarks made recently by Japanese finance minister Masajuro Ishikawa .
Yoshikawa Masajuro recently told cabinet members that in view of the continued deterioration of japan 's domestic finances , cabinet members should ensure that every sum of government funds can be used in a down - to - earth manner .
it has been learned that the committee has been accused of dereliction of duty and lack of transparency on the issue of where the funds are going after it was exposed that Suzuki tsuno , deputy chief cabinet secretary , unjustly pressured the foreign ministry and affected the procedures for applying for russian aid projects .
EU to hold consultations with china on implementation of temporary safeguard measures for steel imports
Xinhua news agency , beijing , march 29 ( reporter che yuming ) - shi Guangsheng , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation , said here today that the eu has made a clear response to china 's concern that the eu will implement temporary safeguard measures on some imported steel products , saying that it will hold consultations with the chinese side as soon as possible and that china , as a developing country , will make some special arrangements to properly resolve this issue .
Shi Guangsheng answered a reporter 's question at a national conference on foreign economic and trade law today .
he said : at present , the iron and steel trade war is getting fiercer and fiercer , and the root cause is the united states .
at present , all parties concerned are making accusations and demands for bilateral consultations on the united states ' tong201 steel case , and some have even proposed to settle the case through the wto dispute settlement mechanism .
on 27 march , after the eu decided to impose temporary safeguard measures on 15 imported steel products from various countries , the chinese side made a prompt response . Shi Guangsheng immediately wrote to eu trade commissioner Lamy expressing his deep concern over this and offered to hold bilateral consultations with the eu .
train , car crash kills 7 in Liaoning
Xinhua news agency , Shenyang , march 30 ( reporter wang jun ) - at 1413 on march 29 , a train and car collided in Jinzhou city , Liaoning province , killing seven people and seriously injuring three others .
according to the safety inspection room of the Shenyang railway bureau , a four - wheel agricultural vehicle collided with a train from Jinzhou to Chengde when it seized a railway crossing between Lijiagou and zhou jiatun in yi county , Jinzhou city .
at that time , in addition to carrying 50 bags of fertilizer and seeds , the car also carried 14 people in violation of regulations .
at the time of the collision , four people jumped out of the car and escaped with no injuries . the other 10 were either killed or injured . the railway stop at the crossing was damaged and the locomotive of the train was also damaged to a certain extent .
after the accident , leaders of the ministry of railways , Shenyang railway bureau , Jinzhou city , and the local government rushed to the scene to deal with the aftermath .
the council of the arab states held an emergency meeting at the arab league headquarters on the same day to discuss the palestinian situation .
the meeting was attended by permanent representatives of 22 Arab States to the League .
speaking at a press conference after the meeting , Moussa said the escalation of Israeli military actions against palestine clearly shows Israel 's rejection of peace .
what is happening now is a continuation of Israel &apos;s military occupation of Palestine , and the Palestinian people will continue to resist Israeli aggression .
he said : as long as Israel 's military occupation of the palestinian territory exists for one day , and as long as Israeli tanks and soldiers exist in the palestinian territory for one day , the palestinian people 's resistance will continue for one day .
Xinhua news agency , jerusalem , march 31 ( reporter Zhong cuihua , nie xiaoyang ) - Israel 's security cabinet decided on the evening of the 31st to step up military strikes in palestinian - controlled areas and implement a series of planned military actions ahead of schedule .
on the afternoon of the same day , Israeli prime minister Sharon convened core ministers to hold consultations on the current Israeli - palestinian situation and how to deal with the increasingly frequent bombings by the palestinian side . the meeting decided to step up military strikes against the palestinian side .
according to political figures here , the security cabinet believes that intensifying attacks on the palestinian side will weaken the momentum of palestinian terrorist activities , but it will not be possible to stop such attacks once and for all .
Sharon will deliver a televised speech to the whole country at 0830 local time on the evening of the 31st ( 0130 local time on 1 april beijing time ) to explain to the public the government 's stance on handling the Israeli - palestinian conflict .
Cambodia , Vietnam hold trade fair
Xinhua news agency , Phnom Penh , april 1 ( reporter Yan ming ) - a joint Cambodian - Vietnamese commodities fair opened here on the 1 st , showcasing nearly 200 kinds of commodities .
a total of 50 businesses from cambodia and Vietnam participated in the exhibition , and 55 booths were set up .
exhibits include motorcycles , household appliances , agricultural tools , medicines , beverages , food , garments and so on .
Vietnamese ambassador to cambodia Nguyen dai Hong said at the opening ceremony that Vietnam and cambodia have great potential in economic and trade development , and that the holding of commodity fairs can further promote economic and trade cooperation and exchanges between the two countries .
he said : in recent years , the volume of trade between the two countries has made gratifying progress , increasing from $ 16.9 billion in 2000 to $ 1.8 billion in 2001 .
Cambodian commerce minister Champasseh said : it is a great thing for cambodia and Vietnam to jointly develop the two countries ' economy and trade . it is conducive to promoting the two countries ' economy and trade as well as the economic development of ASEAN countries . it will enable cambodia and Vietnam to integrate economically into ASEAN and the world economy at an early date .
Indonesian badminton expert thinks Taoufik &apos;s ranking is very favorable
Xinhua news agency , Jakarta , april 1 ( reporter mai tangyuan ) - ali Santo , chairman of the ancient Turkistan badminton club in central java , told antara news agency reporters in the provincial capital samborong on the 1st that the men 's singles player taoufik 's world ranking is very favorable to indonesia 's defending the Thomas cup .
he said that taoufik is now in the 33rd place , so that he can become a second or third singles player , which is less burdensome than the first singles player .
in group matches , a victory in the first singles event can affect subsequent matches , at least psychologically , affecting teammates and prompting them to strive to win .
however , if indonesia loses in the first singles , taoufik , as the second or third singles player , will hopefully score points , and the final victory or defeat will be decided by two doubles matches .
he believed that the possibility of indonesia defending the Thomas cup has increased with the return of taoufik , because the young player is a strong player in the world .
he believed that taoufik 's return would give indonesia hope to defeat its rivals , including host china .
according to the report , in a survey conducted by the badminton website , 45% of the people think that indonesia will be able to defend the Thomas cup , 21% think that china has a chance to win the championship , and 17% think that malaysia is a good team .
Georgia to withdraw troops from Kodori gorge
Xinhua news agency , Moscow , april 2 , news from Tbilisi : representatives of the united nations special representative , georgia , Abkhazia , and the cis peacekeeping force signed a protocol on georgia 's withdrawal from the Kodori mountain valley in Tbilisi on the 2nd .
according to a report by ITAR - Tass news agency , the protocol stipulates that Georgian troops should withdraw from the Kodori gorge by april 10 , while peacekeeping troops and un observers should resume patrolling the area , and all sides should ensure the safety of the residents of the area .
Berdin , special representative of the un secretary general in georgia , said that the protocol is a good signal that georgia and Abkhazia are willing to settle the conflict on the basis of mutual compromise .
the document should pave the way for further dialogue , he said .
in 1992 , the Abkhaz local authorities in georgia clashed with the Georgian government because of their demand for independence .
in october last year , there was another clash between the two sides in the Kodori gorge , to which georgia immediately sent troops .
Xinhua news agency , Ankara , april 2 ( reporter Huai chengbo ) - according to a report by Anadolu news agency , Turkish foreign minister Cem said in a speech at a plenary session of the Turkish parliament on the 2 nd when discussing the issue of Israel 's massive invasion of palestinian territories in the west bank of the Jordan river that the madrid process , which forms the basis of the middle east peace process , needs a new beginning , for which turkey proposes to convene a new international conference on middle east issues .
JEM said that the united states should take immediate action to put an end to the great suffering of the palestinian and Israeli peoples and the slaughter of both sides .
he also stressed that the united states must treat palestine and Israel on an equal footing and fulfill its responsibilities .
commenting on turkey 's stance on the middle east issue , he said : the middle east is of great strategic significance to turkey , and therefore turkey hopes for peace and stability in the region .
he also reiterated turkey 's support for the recent un security council resolution on the palestinian - Israeli conflict .
the resolution urges both Palestinians and Israelis to cease fire and calls on Israel to withdraw its troops from Ramallah and other Palestinian territories .
according to another report , turkey has inquired about the opinions of palestine and Israel and the middle east countries egypt , Saudi arabia , and Jordan on convening an international conference on the middle east issue , and has also held consultations with the united states , russia , and the european union .
the principle of land for peace was established at the middle east international peace conference held in madrid , spain , in 1990 .
guided by this principle , palestine and Israel signed a declaration of principles on palestinian interim self - rule in washington in 1993 .
NTT communications transfused blood to an internet company
Xinhua news agency , Tokyo , april 3 , a spokesman for the NTT telecommunications company , a subsidiary of the japan telecom and telephone company , said on the 3rd that the company will continue to support the business development of a us - based internet company ( Verio ) and provide it with additional funds of 305 million us dollars .
the spokesman said : according to their estimates , Verio will need at least 305 million us dollars this year to make up for its losses . NTT telecommunications company is willing to pay this sum of money and plans to continue to provide financial support to Verio until it turns the loss into a win .
it has been learned that the verio company , located in colorado , is an enterprise - oriented internet service provider . its business scope includes high - speed internet access , e - commerce , private networks , and website maintenance .
Nippon telecom and telephone Co. bought it for 5.5 billion us dollars in 2000 .
in the past few years , Verio has only lost money , and the NTT telecommunications company has successively invested 2.16 billion us dollars in it .
Liberian rebels approaching the capital
Xinhua news agency , Lagos , april 3 , news from Monrovia : the Liberian military announced that fighting between the rebels and government troops in liberia has intensified over the past week . on the evening of the 3 rd , the fighting has approached the government army barracks only 35 kilometers from the main military road leading to the capital Monrovia .
this distance is the same as the distance that the anti - government armed forces once attacked the town of Clay on the outskirts of the capital in february this year .
the barracks are located in the town of Dodi , the capital of Monrovia , on the road to neighbouring Cote d &apos;Ivoire and Guinea .
the fighting , which broke out in the early hours of last month , took place in the context of the un mission to investigate the exchange of diamonds for weapons by the Liberian government and the imposition of sanctions on liberia .
the Libyans United for Reconciliation and Democracy ( LURD ) attempted to further intensify its offensive to overthrow the Taylor government and compel president Taylor to step down .
a senior government official said that the main reason why the LND armed forces launched the military offensive was to occupy diamond producing areas because they needed money to buy more weapons and to support the current difficult economic situation .
the LNU anti - government costume started the war against Liberian president Taylor in 2000 .
Xinhua news agency report of april 4 th from the united nations ( by staff reporter ding baozhong ) - the world food program 's ( WFP ) executive director Bertini said in new york on the 4 th that the WFP has distributed nearly 1.7 billion us dollars of food aid to all parts of the world in 2001 , making it the world 's largest humanitarian aid organization .
Bertini reported to the un security council on the same day on the activities and role of this organization , pointing out that the world food program has extended a helping hand to disaster and conflict areas all over the world , saved many lives , and contributed to the reconstruction of some countries , which will help stabilize the situation in conflict areas .
she said that the world food program provided 240 million us dollars of food aid to afghanistan last year , benefiting millions of Afghans .
Bertini appealed to donor countries to donate generously to enable the world food program to complete its new aid mission to afghanistan in 2002 .
he also said that so far , only 70 million us dollars have been raised for the 285 million us dollars project .
Bertini also called on the united nations system and member states to pay attention to the safety of un personnel on humanitarian missions and bring to justice those criminals who harm un personnel .
according to statistics , 204 un personnel have been killed since 1992 , but only 15 criminals have been arrested .
Germany presents Berlin wall to united nations
Xinhua news agency , beijing , april 5 , the german government presented three walls of the Berlin wall , a symbol of the cold war between east and west , to the united nations on the 4 th .
according to foreign reports , each of the three walls is 3.6 meters high and weighs 2.8 tons , and is decorated with an image of a man and a woman embracing each other over a high wall .
the three walls were shipped to new york in october last year to commemorate the reunification of Germany and Germany in 1990 .
owing to the closure of the United Nations garden on the east bank of the New York River since the incident in Tseng 911 , the public was unable to visit it .
UN secretary - general Kofi Annan took the opportunity to say that the end of the east - west division shows that peace is always possible , even in the middle east .
Tilzer , president of the german federal parliament , told Annan that many people had such a wall in their minds before the Berlin wall was built .
the Berlin Wall eventually became history and it was not only the Germans who benefited .
bill Gates fooled on April Fools &apos; Day
Xinhua news agency , beijing , april 5 , bill gates , president of Microsoft corporation , was recently shamed by a Canadian radio station and played a big joke on april fool 's day .
mark Antoine Aoudai and Sebastian Manuel Trudell of Quebec , canada 's CKMF - FM radio station , contacted bill gates by telephone on 1 april , claiming that they were Canadian prime minister Chretien , and had a 10 - minute intimate conversation with him imitating the prime minister 's voice one after another .
topics related to the world economy and the shortcomings of the windows control system , and bill gates was also invited to visit Quebec at an appropriate time .
the radio station played the recording of the conversation in its entertainment program on the evening of the 2 nd and rebroadcast it the next day at the request of the broad masses of listeners .
mark Antoine Odai said afterward that he had not thought it would be so easy to get in touch with bill gates , but his aides had not found and had not thought it would be just an april fool 's day banter .
after learning the truth of the matter , a Microsoft company spokesman said that the radio station had forged some documents to convince Microsoft company that they were Canadian government workers , and warned that although the banter was fun , it was a little too big .
it has been learned that in the past , the radio station used to make fun of some other celebrities such as Celine song - Dion on april fool 's day .
Xinhua news agency , Ankara , april 5 ( reporter Huai chengbo ) - afghan interim government chairman Karzai reiterated in Ankara on the 5th that the multinational peacekeeping force in afghanistan should expand its scope of activities beyond the capital Kabul .
after concluding his two - day visit to turkey , Karzai told reporters at the airport that Afghans outside the capital Kabul regard the expansion of the scope of peacekeeping operations as a guarantee of continued security in afghanistan .
earlier this year , Karzai asked the un security council to expand the peacekeeping force and deploy peacekeeping troops outside the capital Kabul .
he said : this is tantamount to sending a signal that the international community has undertaken obligations to a country ravaged by 23 years of war .
Turkey has agreed in principle to take over the command of the Afghan peacekeeping force from the British .
however , fearing for the security situation outside Kabul , Turkey was not in favour of expanding the area of operation of the peacekeeping force .
the United States has expressed its support for this Turkish position .
Karzai said on the 5 th that turkey 's fear that its troops would be involved in renewed unrest outside afghanistan was superfluous .
however , he added , the afghan government will accept any decision made by countries participating in the peacekeeping force .
another sandstorm hits north china and other places
Xinhua news agency , beijing , april 6 ( reporter dong jun ) - the central meteorological station issued a sandstorm forecast at 6 : 00 pm today , saying that under the influence of strong cold air , there will be sandstorm weather in the eastern part of the northwest region , most of north china , and the central and southern part of the northeast plain from tonight to tomorrow .
the forecast says that there will be sandstorms in parts of inner mongolia 's central and southeastern eastern regions , northern Shaanxi , Shanxi , and Hebei provinces , and western Liaoning and Jilin provinces . there will be strong sandstorms in some areas , floating dust or sand uplifting in some areas of the Huanghuai river . most of these areas will be accompanied by strong winds of force 5 to 7 , and the temperature will drop by 6 to 12 degrees celsius , and the temperature in some areas will decrease by more than 14 degrees celsius .
it was sunny in beijing this morning , but a strong wind began to blow in the afternoon , driving people from outdoor activities back home one after another .
although the central meteorological station issued a forecast of gale weather in north china and other places yesterday evening , the fresh and pleasant weather has attracted many residents to take advantage of it early in the morning because of a spring rain .
today , Hohhot , the capital of inner mongolia autonomous region , also encountered a strong wind to cool down the weather .
although the north wind howled , the sky was still very clear .
experts said that spring rain fell all over inner mongolia and 33 millimeters of rain fell in the urban area of Hohhot yesterday , which not only greatly eased the drought , but also effectively curbed the invasion of dust storms .
China 's telecommunications market will exceed 1 trillion yuan by 2005
Xinhua news agency , Shanghai , april 6 ( reporter feng yizhen ) - an official of the ministry of information industry who is attending a sino - russian high - level seminar on information and telecommunications here disclosed that by 2005 , the total size of china 's telecommunications market will reach 105 billion yuan , a 2.5 - fold increase over 2000 .
according to the forecast , during the period from 2001 to 2005 , the number of telephone households in china will grow at an average annual rate of 26% , with 24% in the central and eastern regions , 26% in the central region , and 30% in the western region .
by 2005 , the number of telephone subscribers nationwide will reach 500 million , with a popularization rate of about 40% .
China 's mobile phone user base will expand to ordinary consumers and from simple messaging services to data exchange , medium - and high - speed multimedia , and high - speed interactive multimedia services .
the internet service will continue to be the fastest growing service in china 's telecommunications industry , with demand content extending from narrowband to broadband service , classified spot broadcasting service developing to high - speed interactive service , and users expanding from large and medium - sized cities to central cities and towns .
the number of data and multimedia internet users in china will grow at an average annual rate of more than 70% during the " three represents " period .
by 2005 , the number of internet users nationwide will reach 200 million .
Annan to hold talks with us , russia and eu on middle east situation
Xinhua news agency report of april 7 from madrid ( by staff reporter liu Ruichang ) - spain 's abesse newspaper reported on the 7th that un secretary general Annan will hold four - party talks with us secretary of state Powell , spanish foreign minister pique , eu high representative for foreign and security policy , and russian foreign minister Igor Ivanov in the spanish capital madrid on the 10th to discuss ways to resolve the seriously deteriorating Israeli - palestinian conflict .
this news was disclosed by Annan in an exclusive interview with this newspaper 's reporter at the un headquarters in new york .
the " abesse " newspaper published this exclusive interview on the same day .
commenting on the role of the united nations in mediating the current palestinian - Israeli military conflict , Annan said : in this conflict , the united nations has played an active mediating role , and the un security council has successively adopted two important resolutions 1397 and 1402 on the settlement of the Israeli - palestinian conflict .
he said that on the 10 th of this month , he will take the opportunity of attending the meeting in madrid to meet with senior us , eu , and russian leaders to jointly discuss the grim situation in the middle east region .
Annan and spanish prime minister Jose Manuel Aznar will preside over the opening ceremony of the second un world conference on ageing in madrid on 8 july , Powell will also pay an official visit to spain next week to renew the us - spain military cooperation agreement , and Ivanov will make a special trip to spain to meet with Powell to discuss bilateral relations .
computer crime cost the united states billions of dollars last year
Xinhua news agency , washington , april 7 , the " 2001 computer crime and security investigation " report released by the united states on the 7th shows that the increasingly rampant computer crime caused us companies and government departments to suffer billions of us dollars in losses last year , a sharp increase over 2000 .
examples abound of computer systems in various parts of the united states being attacked by computer viruses , denial of service , and various security loopholes .
according to 538 computer security experts from enterprises , government departments , and universities , us companies and other organizations pay a high price every year for computer crimes .
although the exact amount of losses has not yet been determined , 35% of the departments surveyed admitted that they had suffered losses totaling more than 3.778 billion us dollars , up sharply from nearly 2.656 billion us dollars in 2000 .
the report , jointly compiled by the us computer security association and the federal bureau of investigation , does not provide an assessment of the losses suffered by individual users across the country .
Berber identified as official language of Algeria
Xinhua news agency , Algiers , april 8 ( reporter Xu Donghua ) - at a joint session of the two chambers of the Algerian parliament held here on the 8th , Algerian president Bouteflika submitted a draft amendment to the constitution , confirming Berber as one of the official languages recognized by the constitution .
in a speech at the meeting , Albanian prime minister ben Zavelis pointed out : the passage of the draft resolution means that the cultural diversity of argentina has been determined by law , and this will be conducive to strengthening the unity of the Albanian nation .
Berbers are indigenous inhabitants of north africa , and the number of Berbers currently living in Algeria accounts for about one - sixth of the country 's total population .
after independence , arabia 's constitution stipulated that arabic was the only official language , but the Berbers opposed it .
in april last year , serious disturbances occurred in the Kabili region of eastern argentina , where Berbers are concentrated .
more than 60 people were killed and more than 2,000 injured in the three - month - long riots .
the local people demanded that Berber be confirmed as the official language in the constitution .
in a televised speech to the nation on 12 march this year , president Bouteflika promised to meet Berbers ' demands by amending the constitution .
White House Calls Israel &apos;s Withdrawal of Troops from Two West Bank Cities a Beginning
Xinhua news agency , washington , april 8 , us white house spokesman Fleischer issued a statement on the evening of the 8th , saying that Israel 's withdrawal from Tulkarem and Qalqiliya in the west bank of the Jordan river was only the beginning of a retreat , and relevant parties in the middle east should fulfill their responsibilities .
" this is a start , " Fleischer said in a brief written statement .
just as president bush said on 4 april , all parties in the middle east should fulfill their responsibilities , and the president hopes that all parties will step up their efforts .
Israeli troops began withdrawing from Tulkarem and Qalqiliya in the early hours of the 9th local time . Israel has not yet disclosed when it will completely withdraw its troops from other cities in the west bank .
in a statement to reporters in Tennessee on the same day , bush reiterated that Israel must immediately withdraw its troops from palestinian territory and stressed that his words count as his words .
Bush said that he had already told Israeli prime minister Sharon about the us demand , and that he was waiting for Israel to immediately withdraw its troops .
Bush Says NATO Must Establish New Relations with Russia
Xinhua news agency , beijing , april 10 , according to information received here , us president bush said in a meeting with visiting NATO secretary general Robertson at the white house on the 9 th that NATO must establish a new and more constructive relationship with russia .
Bush said : by establishing such a relationship , we will eventually and forever eliminate the differences left over from the previous era .
during the meeting , bush and Robertson discussed a series of issues , including the iraq issue and NATO 's eastward expansion .
Bush said : NATO must develop new and flexible capabilities to meet the challenges of the 21 st century .
we must also recruit new members .
in an interview with reporters after the meeting , bush did not directly talk about iraq .
however , he said : " we will consult closely with our allies when we carry out anti - terrorism operations .
Robertson said that he and bush discussed the common threats we face in europe and north america , including weapons of mass destruction .
he said that all NATO member countries will act together to overcome these threats and will succeed .
Mexican president 's us - canada trip vetoed by senate
Xinhua news agency , mexico city , april 9 , according to a spokesman for the Mexican senate on the 9 th , Mexican president fox 's plan to visit the united states and canada in mid - month is expected to be vetoed by the senate on the same day .
this was the first time in the history of the country that the senate vetoed the president 's foreign visit plan .
the spokesman said : the senate vetoed the president 's foreign visit plan by 71 votes to 41 .
the opposition senators held that the president should devote more energy to domestic affairs and should not be eager to go abroad .
last year , president fox made a total of 15 foreign visits .
a senator said that they voted against it because one of the main purposes of president fox 's current trip was actually to hold talks with Mexican immigrants .
according to reports , after being vetoed by the senate , president fox 's foreign visit plan will also be submitted to the house of representatives for a vote .
if he is still vetoed , his foreign visit plan will soon come to an end .
however , if it is passed , the senate will again consider it .
Fox was scheduled to travel to Seattle on the 15 th of this month to meet Microsoft chairman bill gates and members of the Mexican immigrant community there .
he will then fly to Vancouver and Calgary , canada , for talks with local businessmen and academics for a total of three days .
track and field competition for west Asian games starts in full swing
Xinhua news agency report of april 10 from kuwait ( by staff reporter an Jiang ) - half way through the opening of the west Asian games , the track and field competition , the highlight of the games , was delayed today .
athletes from 12 countries will compete for gold medals in seven events on the first day of the track and field events .
the Kuwaiti basketball team defeated Qatar by a narrow margin of 97t 93 to become the champion of this year 's west Asian games basketball competition .
Syria beat iran in 110A 92 to finish third .
in the football match , if kuwait wants to win the championship , it must win today 's match with the palestinian team in Tahrir .
the Kuwaiti media called this competition a battle of bottlenecks . success or failure depends on it .
the Syrian handball team defeated iran by a close score of 33A 32 and will compete with kuwait for the gold medal today .
as of 9 july , kuwait still holds the top spot with 19 gold medals , 18 silver medals , 12 bronze medals , and 49 total medals , followed by iran , Syria , Saudi arabia , Qatar , and Jordan .
Powell says meeting with Arafat is important
Xinhua news agency , madrid , april 10 , us secretary of state Colin Powell said here on the 10 th that it is very important for him to hold talks with palestinian leader Arafat during his middle east trip . he hoped that he would not encounter any difficulties in arranging talks with Arafat .
Powell made the remarks after talks with eu , russian and un officials .
he said : " Arafat is the leader of the palestinian people . I believe that the leaders of the palestinian people and arab countries believe that he is the one whom Israel must deal with . "
according to reports , us white house spokesman Fleischer said in washington on the same day that Israel had assured the united states that Powell would be able to meet Arafat during his visit to the middle east .
Israeli defense minister Ben Eliezer also told reporters on the same day near the west bank city of Jenin that Israel would not prevent Powell from holding talks with Arafat later this week .
Powell 's current visit to the middle east to mediate did not initially have a plan to meet with Arafat .
Palestinian officials have said that if Powell refuses to meet with Arafat , no palestinian representative will hold talks with him .
Powell 's visit to morocco and egypt was timely , and arab leaders repeatedly stressed that if he did not meet Arafat during his visit , he would not have achieved results .
former Serbian interior minister of fry tries to commit suicide
Xinhua news agency , Belgrade , april 11 ( reporter yang chengming ) - Stojilkovic , a war criminal suspect wanted by the hague tribunal , former Serbian interior minister of the fry , and current fry parliament member , shot himself in the head in front of the fry parliament building on the evening of the 11th .
he was rushed to hospital where he is still in danger .
Stojilkovic said in his suicide note : " as a member of the federal parliament , i use this action to express my protest against the puppet regime .
I condemn their wanton violation of the Constitution and laws of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , trampling on the dignity of the country and destroying it .
Yugoslav president Kostunica said in a statement on the evening that Stojilkovic 's suicide was a warning to western countries that are constantly imposing conditions and pressure on the federal republic of yugoslavia .
the federal republic of yugoslavia ( fry ) and the chamber of citizens passed laws on cooperation between the federal republic of yugoslavia ( fry ) and the hague tribunal on the 10 th and 11 th , respectively .
the law stipulates that any war criminal suspect wanted by the hague tribunal before the adoption of the law will be extradited to the hague tribunal no matter which country 's citizens are found in the territory of yugoslavia .
according to the law , Stojilkovic will also be extradited to the hague .
Saudi arabia raises money in support of palestine
Xinhua news agency , Riyadh , april 12 ( reporter yu Kaiyuan ) to support palestine , Saudi arabia conducted a nationwide fund - raising campaign through television stations from 4 pm on the 11th to 3 am on the 12th , local time .
Saudi State television established 30 telephone hotlines and 15 computers to receive donations .
the television station also set up a 25 - member reception group in the courtyard to receive people who came to collect donations .
the event raised a total of 210 million riyals ( 56 million us dollars ) in cash and a large amount of money in kind .
the king of Saudi arabia took the lead in donating 10 million riyals ( 2.67 million us dollars ) , crown prince Abdullah donated 5 million riyals ( 1.34 million us dollars ) , and prince walid of Saudi arabia also donated 100 million riyals ( 26.7 million us dollars ) .
although the 11 th and 12 th are Saudi days of rest and thunderstorms have occurred , the street in front of the tv station is still lined with long lines of cars waiting for donations .
many employees of companies and enterprises have also donated their own wages for the day .
East Timor presidential campaign ends
Xinhua news agency , Jakarta , april 12 , media here reported that the three - week presidential election in east Timor officially ended on the 12 th .
voters will elect on may 14 the first president of the country , which will formally become independent on may 20 .
the candidates for the presidential election are Shanana Tsangu Gusmao and Xavier Tsendo Amaral .
Gusmao is the leader of the east Timor independence movement , and do Amaral was president of the democratic republic of east Timor , which was proclaimed in november 1975 but only existed for a short time .
the two candidates held an open debate in Dili on the 11 th and answered various questions raised by voters .
Gusmao said that after his election , he would first focus on solving the country 's economic problems , and doamalar said he would ensure democracy in the country .
public opinion generally believes that Gusmao has a good chance of winning because he is regarded as the hero of east Timor 's independence .
under the auspices of the united nations , east Timor held a national referendum on 30 august 1999 , and the overwhelming majority of voters chose independence .
East Timor formally elected a constitutional assembly on august 30 last year and adopted the country 's first constitution in march this year .
the new constitution will take effect on may 20 when east Timor officially becomes independent , and the constitution - making assembly will soon become the first national assembly .
foreign ministry spokesman confirms death of one chinese worker in jerusalem bombing
Xinhua news agency , beijing , april 13 , foreign ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue confirmed here today that a chinese worker was killed , two other chinese workers were injured , and a chinese worker was missing in an explosion at the jerusalem bus station on the afternoon of april 12 .
Zhang Qiyue said : at around 0400 on 12 april , a suicide bombing occurred at a bus station in central jerusalem , killing six people and injuring more than 70 others on the spot .
in the explosion , one chinese worker was killed , two chinese workers were injured , and another chinese worker was missing .
she said : after the incident occurred , the chinese embassy in Israel attached great importance to it and immediately sent personnel and representatives of relevant companies to jerusalem on the same day to identify the victims , visit the injured , understand the situation , and liaise with relevant parties to deal with the aftermath .
the embassy informed chinese citizens and chinese companies in Israel the same night to pay attention to safety and be cautious in going out .
she said : the chinese government expresses condolences over the deaths of the chinese citizens concerned in the bombing incident and expresses sympathy to their families .
the chinese side condemns the violent activities against innocent civilians and strongly calls on both Israel and palestine to take concrete actions to stop violent confrontation and quell the situation as soon as possible so as to avoid causing more casualties among innocent civilians .
Zhang Qiyue said : the chinese government once again reminds chinese citizens and personnel planning to go to Israel to pay attention to safety , be cautious in travelling , and contact more family members at home . in case of an emergency , please contact the chinese embassy in Israel in a timely manner .
according to a report by egypt 's middle east news agency , during a telephone conversation , the two foreign ministers unanimously held that Israel should make a positive response to the four - party joint statement issued by the united nations , the united states , russia , and the european union in spain and immediately withdraw its troops from palestinian territory .
Maher briefed pique on his meeting with Arafat on friday in the palestinian - controlled city of Ramallah in the west bank .
Maher said that the palestinian side is ready to work with the international community to find a way to end Israel 's invasion of palestinian territory in accordance with the relevant un resolutions .
Maher and pique agreed to continue to maintain contacts with the parties concerned to seek a complete solution to the middle east conflict .
US state department spokesman Boucher , who accompanied Powell on his visit to the middle east , said earlier in the day that Powell canceled his scheduled meeting with Arafat on the 13th due to an explosion in central jerusalem on the 12th .
however , an official of the us state department who declined to be named disclosed that Powell 's meeting with Arafat may be postponed to 14 april .
according to another report , Maher also had telephone contact with Lebanese prime minister Hariri on the same day , and the two sides exchanged views on the latest developments in the palestinian situation .
United Arab Emirates announces that it will bear the cost of rebuilding Jenin refugee camp in Palestine
Xinhua news agency , abu Dhabi , april 13 ( reporter xing Xudong ) - Hamdan , minister of state for foreign affairs of the united arab emirates , announced to the press on the evening of the 13th that arab countries will bear the cost of rebuilding the Jenin refugee camp in palestine , which was destroyed by the Israeli army . the reconstruction work will start very soon so that those homeless families can have their own homes at an early date .
Hamdan said that the united arab emirates red crescent society , which is in charge of this matter , has drawn up a concrete plan for repairing the damaged buildings and public facilities in Jenin refugee camp in coordination with the un relief and Works Agency for palestinian refugees in the near east .
the minister also said that since Israel launched a large - scale military operation against palestinian towns in the west bank on march 29 , the united arab emirates has organized several nationwide fund - raising activities for palestine , and the amount of donations collected so far has reached 350 million dirhams ( nearly 100 million us dollars ) .
Chavez re - inaugurates Venezuelan president
Xinhua news agency report of april 14th from Caracas ( by staff reporter jia anping ) - Venezuelan president Hugo da Chavez , who was detained by coup soldiers two days ago , returned to the presidential palace on the 14th and was sworn in again as president of the Bolivarian republic of Venezuela amid cheers from supporters .
in his televised speech to the nation , Chavez thanked the Venezuelan people for their trust and support , thanked the organization of american states , the rio group , the group of 77 , and other international organizations for their actions in safeguarding democracy and condemning the coup d ' etat , and called on all circles in Venezuela to take conciliatory actions .
Chavez stressed that Venezuela needs peace , stability , and reason . to this end , all parties should make joint efforts to stop the conflict .
he said : through this incident , we have learned a lot . we will strive to correct past mistakes and mistakes and jointly build our country .
a coup d ' etat took place in Venezuela on november 11 , in which more than 10 senior military officers declared that they would not support the Chavez government and detained Chavez .
Carmona , former president of the Venezuelan federation of entrepreneurs , became interim president of the transitional government on Tuesday .
on the same day , supporters of Chavez staged a peaceful demonstration in the capital , demanding that Chavez return to power .
on the afternoon of the 13th , a group of soldiers who personally inspected Weiss quietly returned to the presidential palace to protect vice president Cabello , who was sworn in as interim president that evening . Carmona announced his resignation .
the pro-Chavez forces then issued an ultimatum to the coup fighters to release Chavez and occupy the important strategic stronghold of Tiuna barracks .
in the early hours of the 14 th , Chavez returned to the presidential palace by helicopter from the small caribbean island where he was detained .
Xinhua news agency , Damascus , april 15 ( reporter gong zhenxi ) Syrian president Bashar al - Assad held talks with visiting us secretary of state Colin Powell here on the 15th . the two sides discussed the latest developments in the middle east situation , especially the serious situation in palestine and the tense situation along the Lebanon - Israel border .
according to a Syrian news agency report , president Bashar said during the talks : " what happened in palestine has brought the ( middle east ) peace process to a dead end . if we fail to recognize this point , the development of the matter may reach an irretrievable level . at that time , we can only wait for the time of a generation . "
he pointed out that the peace process can only be discussed after Israel withdraws its troops from the palestinian territories it occupies and stops the massacre of Palestinians .
he said : only when both sides are willing to realize peace can peace be realized .
he called on the united states to have a clear view on middle east peace and to play a role in this regard so that the relevant un resolutions can be effectively implemented .
on the issue of palestinian suicide operations , Bashar said that these operations are not the root cause of the current incidents in the occupied palestinian territories , but rather their consequences , and are a counterattack to Israeli practices .
he pointed out that the best way is to eliminate the root causes of tension in the palestinian situation .
according to diplomatic sources , during their talks , Powell and Bashar also discussed the situation along the border between Lebanon and Israel .
Powell arrived in Damascus from Beirut at noon on the same day for a short visit to Syria .
new york stock market declines
Xinhua news agency , new york , april 15 , investors are still worried about the profit prospects of listed companies because of the poor performance of Citigroup and mainland airlines . the new york stock market generally fell on the 15th , with the Dow - Jones index falling to its lowest level in eight weeks .
the Dow Jones industrial average closed down 97.15 points at 10,093.67 , the lowest level since february 22 , the technology heavy NASDAQ composite index fell 2.41 points to 1,753.78 and the s & p 500 index fell 8.46 points to 1,102.55 .
in addition , the new york stock exchange composite index and the Russell 2000 index of smaller companies also fell , with the exception of the american stock exchange index , which rose slightly .
the new york stock exchange fell to 1.12 billion shares , down from 1.26 billion in the previous session .
on the same day , Citigroup announced that due to its losses in argentina , the bank 's profit in the first quarter did not meet the expected target , and mainland airlines also announced a loss in the first quarter of this year .
the news has caused investors to be worried about the results of listed companies to be announced this week , so they have maintained a wait - and - see attitude .
the wall street stock market closed lower after a small fluctuation , and the daily turnover was also at a low level .
Blue chip stocks such as Citigroup , Continental Airlines , and General Electric , as well as Microsoft , Intel , Cisco , Oracle , Dell , and Sun Microelectronics all fell .
Powell to hold talks with palestinian - Israeli leaders again
Xinhua news agency , jerusalem , april 16 ( reporter Zhong cuihua ) - visiting us secretary of state Colin Powell will hold talks with Israeli prime minister Sharon on the afternoon of the 16th and president Arafat of the palestinian national authority on the morning of the 17th respectively .
according to reports , Powell postponed his departure from the middle east region by at least 24 hours in order to continue to mediate between Israel and palestine .
Powell expressed the hope that Israel and palestine would issue a joint statement condemning the terrorist attacks against Israelis and Palestinians , calling for the establishment of a palestinian state through negotiations , and continuing to crack down on terrorism .
Powell returned to Israel after a one - day visit to Lebanon and Syria on the evening of 15 july , and announced in the middle of the night that he would cancel his original plan to hold talks with Arafat on 16 june .
Powell told the press that the united states supports Sharon 's proposal on convening a regional peace conference and said that a ministerial meeting could be held and Arafat could send a high - level delegation to attend .
regarding this , Arafat has indicated that only if Israel immediately withdraws its troops from palestinian - controlled areas in the west bank of the Jordan river can the palestinian side accept the proposal to hold a regional peace conference .
Powell held talks with Sharon on the 12 th .
on the 14th , he went to the west bank city of Ramallah to hold talks with Arafat , who was besieged by Israeli troops .
on the same night , he briefed Sharon on his talks with Arafat .
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees visits Afghanistan
Xinhua news agency , Kabul , april 16 ( reporter SHANG xuqian ) - un high commissioner for refugees luebers , who is visiting afghanistan , met with president Karzai of the afghan interim government on the evening of the 15th . the two sides held talks on the return and reintegration of afghan refugees .
the united nations refugee agency ( unhcr ) today stressed the importance of the reintegration of refugees to the stability of afghanistan .
he stressed that the security of refugees returning home must be guaranteed , and security in rural areas is very important to avoid excessive refugee flows to cities .
Karzai expressed his appreciation for UNHCR 's long - term work in afghanistan .
he said that the reintegration of refugees is one of the priorities of the interim government .
he stressed that the return of internally displaced persons to their places of origin is an urgent issue to be resolved .
he said that at present , the situation in most parts of afghanistan is stable and there is sufficient rain to enable these people to resume farming and become self - sufficient in food once they return to their places of origin .
more than 240,000 Afghans have returned home from Pakistan , 5,000 from iran and 4,000 from tajikistan since the unhcr and the afghan interim government officially began helping refugees return home on march 1 , unhcr spokesman Hassan said .
of these , 40 per cent went to the cities .
Ruebers arrived in afghanistan after concluding his visit to iran .
he will visit Pakistan on the 17 th .
seed players eliminated in second round of european badminton championships
Xinhua news agency , Stockholm , april 17 ( reporter wu ping ) the european badminton championship held the second round of five individual events in the southern Swedish city of Malmo today .
with the exception of mixed doubles , seed players began to be eliminated in all other individual events .
in the men 's singles competition , the seed player , kozenhorn of England , was eliminated by peter Rasmussen of denmark .
the seed player eliminated in the women 's singles was denmark 's Titan Rasmussen , who was defeated by Germany 's yugenshenk .
in the men 's doubles competition , the Swedish seed player , yaunandsson / yaundholm , was beaten by a pair of russian players .
the seeds eliminated in the women 's doubles were Welsh - based Feyenghelop / Jozeng Maghrec , who lost to a pair of polish and Belarusian partners .
according to the schedule , the five individual events will start tomorrow with one - eighth and one - quarter finals .
the semifinals and finals will be held on the 19 th and 20 th respectively .
Palestine condemns Israel 's continuous aggression against palestinian people
Xinhua news agency , gaza , april 18 ( reporter du zhen ) - the palestinian national authority issued a statement on the 17th condemning Israel 's continued aggression against the palestinian people in the west bank and gaza strip , saying that Israeli prime minister Sharon 's policy of excessive use of force has strangled all hopes for peace in the region .
the statement said that the failure of us secretary of state Colin Powell 's middle east mediation efforts was mainly due to the refusal of the Israeli government and its prime minister Sharon to withdraw troops from palestinian cities and to end military operations there .
on the same day , Israeli troops continued to control most palestinian - controlled cities in the west bank of Jordan river .
according to eyewitnesses , Israeli armored troops withdrew from Jenin on the same day , but quickly returned and reoccupied the city center .
according to an Israeli radio report , Israeli troops shot and killed a palestinian that night near an Israeli settlement in southern gaza .
Palestinian security officials said the palestinian was killed while passing through the settlements .
the Israeli military , on the other hand , claimed that he was shot dead by the Israeli army when he and several other palestinian militants tried to attack the settlement .
Putin delivers state of the union address
Xinhua news agency , Moscow , april 18 , russian president Putin pointed out in his state of the union speech delivered at the joint session of the two houses of the russian parliament on the 18th that russia should become an economically strong and competitive country , should strive to develop constructive normal relations with other countries in the world , and should become a true member of the international community .
Putin said : Russia 's national construction goal is still to develop democracy and build a civilized market economy , and the most important thing is to improve the people 's living standards .
summing up last year 's work , he pointed out : the state has made certain achievements in accomplishing major tasks , the economy has maintained sustained growth , the number of unemployed people has decreased , the people 's living standards have improved , and the russian people are full of confidence in the future .
Putin expressed satisfaction with the good execution of the budget and the improvement of the operating environment for two consecutive years .
he stressed in particular that russia 's oil output already ranks second in the world and its energy trade volume ranks first in the world .
in his State of the Union Address , Putin also expounded this year &apos;s national development plan and domestic and foreign policies .
this was Putin 's third state of the union address to both houses of parliament since he took office as president .
more than 600 lawmakers , leaders of 89 federal entities , and responsible persons of the presidential office and government departments attended the joint meeting .
Chinese fm spokesman comments on report adopted by european parliament
Xinhua news agency , beijing , april 19 , chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue today commented on a report adopted by the european parliament .
a reporter asked : on 11 april , the plenary session of the european parliament examined and adopted the report of the european parliament on the european commission 's china strategy document .
what is china 's comment on this ?
Zhang Qiyue replied : the chinese side has noticed that the european parliament recently adopted this report .
the report holds that there are extensive common interests between china and the eu , and advocates developing the sino - eu partnership , strengthening bilateral contacts , exchanges , and dialogues , and expanding bilateral cooperation in the economic , trade , scientific , technological , educational , and cultural fields .
we welcome these positive ideas .
however , the report makes many erroneous conclusions on the human rights situation in china and on the Taiwan and Tibet issues that do not conform to objective facts , and seriously interferes in china 's internal affairs . this is unacceptable to the chinese side .
it is hoped that the european parliament will earnestly abide by the one - china principle and do more things conducive to the development of bilateral relations so as not to have a negative impact on sino - eu relations .
kidnapped Indian High Commissioner &apos;s Office worker released in Pakistan
Xinhua news agency , new Delhi , april 19 ( reporter Xiong changyi ) - indian foreign ministry spokesman Rao announced on the evening of the 19th that Qana , a member of the indian high commissioner 's office in Pakistan who was kidnapped that morning in the Pakistani capital Islamabad , was released in the afternoon .
Rao said that after the Pakistani police informed the indian high commissioner 's office in Pakistan , they handed over kana to the indian side at a local police station .
Khanna was beaten brutally all over and is now hospitalized .
she said : the palestinian police refused to put the incident on file as a kidnapping case , which made people suspect that the palestinian intelligence department was involved in the incident .
Khanna was kidnapped while taking a bus to work on the morning of the 19 th .
the indian foreign ministry issued a statement on the morning of the same day strongly protesting against Pakistan 's kidnapping in broad daylight of personnel of the indian high commissioner 's office in Pakistan .
Hebei province enterprises of all kinds actively apply for foreign trade operation rights
Xinhua news agency , Shijiazhuang , april 20 ( reporter : Rao yajie ) - the reporter learned from the Hebei provincial department of foreign trade and economic cooperation that since the beginning of this year , nearly 20,000 enterprises of all kinds in this province have registered with the provincial department of foreign trade and economic cooperation or obtained the approval of the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation , 2.3 times as many as in the same period last year .
according to sources , 39 foreign trade companies of all kinds have registered this time , and 17 of them are private foreign trade companies .
there are also dozens of commercial , material , supply and marketing cooperative enterprises and state - owned collective enterprises .
seventy-seven private production enterprises have also applied for the right to operate foreign trade .
the participation of more and more private enterprises is a new phenomenon in the current declaration of foreign trade operation rights .
in july last year , the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation further relaxed the conditions and criteria for various types of enterprises to operate their own import and export business , changing from the original examination and approval system to an examination and approval and registration system , stipulating the implementation of unified standards and management methods for enterprises of all types of ownership , thus promoting the enthusiasm of enterprises of all types in filing applications .
Israel says it will cooperate with un fact-finding team
Xinhua news agency report of april 20th from jerusalem ( by staff reporter Zhong cuihua and ming dajun ) - Israeli government officials said on the 20th that Israel would cooperate with the commission sent by the united nations to investigate the facts in the Jenin palestinian refugee camp in the west bank .
Israeli radio quoted Israeli government officials as saying that Israel would show the un delegation videotapes documenting Israeli military operations in the Jenin refugee camp and allow members of the delegation to interview soldiers and commanders involved in military operations in the hope that the delegation would maintain objectivity and impartiality in the investigation process .
the united nations security council today unanimously adopted a resolution by the united states welcoming the investigation of the Jenin refugee camp by the un investigation team .
a few hours before the vote , Israeli foreign minister Shimon Peres telephoned un secretary general Kofi Annan to say that Israel would welcome the un representative to clarify the truth about the Jenin refugee camp .
Annan also had a telephone conversation with Israeli defense minister Benn Eliezer on the same day . Benn Eliezer also agreed to the un delegation 's investigation .
according to reports , ben Eliezer and Peres both claimed that there was a fierce exchange of fire between Israeli troops and palestinian militants during the military operation in Jenin refugee camp , killing 23 Israeli troops and 50 palestinian militants , the majority of whom were palestinian militants .
recently , there has been an upsurge in calls from the international community for an investigation into the Jenin refugee camp conflict , the most intense in the recent Israeli - palestinian conflict .
the palestinian side accused the Israeli army of massacring Palestinians there , causing hundreds of deaths , but Israel flatly denied this .
China expresses strong dissatisfaction over Koizumi 's visit to Yasukuni shrine
Xinhua news agency , beijing , april 21 , chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue pointed out here today that the chinese side resolutely opposes Japanese leaders visiting the Yasukuni shrine where the memorial tablets of class - a war criminals are enshrined in any form and at any time .
the chinese side expressed strong dissatisfaction with this move by the Japanese leaders .
commenting on Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi 's visit to the Yasukuni shrine this morning , Zhang Qiyue said : what japan has done will only damage japan 's own image and make it more difficult for japan to win the trust of the peoples of Asian countries on historical issues .
this is Junichiro Koizumi 's second visit to Yasukuni shrine since he took office .
the Yasukuni shrine is a place where Japanese soldiers who died in various wars ( mostly wars of aggression ) since the Meiji restoration are sacrificed . Hideki Tojo and other class - a war criminals from world war ii are also sacrificed here .
France holds first round of voting in presidential election
Xinhua news agency , Paris , april 21 ( reporter Liang guihe ) - the first round of voting for the french presidential election began at 8am on the 21 st in 64,000 polling stations across france .
forty million voters nationwide will vote for the seventh president of the fifth republic of france among 16 candidates .
the results of the vote were announced the same night .
voter turnout was 21.41 percent at noon on the 21 st , down from 22.52 percent in the first round of voting in the 1995 presidential election , the interior ministry said in a communique .
according to media forecasts here , this year 's turnout may set a record low in history .
the french constitution stipulates that if no candidate obtains more than 51 percent of the votes in the first round of voting , the two candidates with the highest votes will enter the second round of voting on 5 may .
last friday 's final poll results showed that incumbent president Chirac and incumbent prime minister Jospin are likely to win the first round with very close votes .
since the number of candidates in this presidential election is 16 , the highest in french history , the number of voters voting in the first round may be very scattered .
France 's far - right national front presidential candidate le pen is likely to come in third in the first round , and may even be out of the running in the top two .
US to Help Georgia Transform Military Forces
Xinhua news agency , Moscow , april 22 ( reporter zhou Liang ) - news from Tbilisi : Georgian president Shevardnadze denied reports on the 22nd that the united states has refused to help georgia reform its army .
Shevardnadze made the remarks at a news conference in Tbilisi , ITAR - Tass news agency reported .
he said : the united states and georgia have not changed their previous agreement on us military experts to help georgia transform its armed forces , but there is no specific date for the arrival of us military experts in georgia .
he said that us military experts are currently making preparations for their trip to georgia , and sooner or later they will come to georgia .
he pointed out : the strengthening of military cooperation between georgia and the united states is not aimed at russia .
according to the agreement reached between georgia and the united states , us military experts will help georgia train four battalions and one company this year .
Association of Foreign Journalists in Israel Requests Israeli Army to Return Confiscated Press Cards
Xinhua news agency , jerusalem , april 22 ( reporter Zhong cuihua ) - the association of foreign journalists stationed in Israel issued a statement on the 22nd demanding that the Israeli military immediately return the press credentials of at least 17 foreign journalists confiscated in the west bank city of bethlehem .
according to the statement , an Israeli military officer confiscated the documents of some palestinian and foreign journalists working for international news organizations about 400 meters away from the cathedral of the birth of Jesus on the same day on the grounds that it was a closed military zone , but did not produce any documents to prove it .
the statement pointed out that the confiscation of the press cards by the Israeli army was in fact an attempt to restrict media coverage of the confrontation between the Israeli army and palestinian militants at the cathedral of the birth of Jesus , rather than out of concern for the safety of journalists , which violated the commitments made by the Israeli army to the association of foreign journalists last week .
on 2 april , Israeli troops occupying Bethlehem besieged more than 200 palestinian militants in the cathedral of the birth of Jesus . the confrontation between the two sides has continued to this day .
face the pressure attitude to let the soft Hindus hold peace prayers
( comprehensive report from Ayodhya , india ) several hundred Hindus in white robes held a peaceful prayer ceremony at the holy place of Ayodhya yesterday under the supervision of riot police .
Hindu leader Paramhans , who advocated building an indian temple at the site of the leveled muslim church , handed over a sacred stone to a government official outside the place where the supreme court banned any religious ceremony .
Paramhans threatened the day before yesterday that he would hold a prayer meeting in Ayodhya in disregard of court orders .
however , he suddenly relented yesterday , saying that the prayer meeting would be held at another location in Ayodhya .
according to local media reports , the 93 - year - old Palamhans changed his original intention under pressure from the ruling indian people 's party .
prior to this , the indian authorities sent additional military and police personnel to the northern town for fear that Hindu militants would disregard court orders and hold prayers near the original site of the islamic church .
one quarter voted against or abstained from voting on the work report
NPC deputies are still not satisfied with the results of judicial system reform
more than a quarter of the deputies to the chinese national people 's congress ( NPC ) voted against or abstained from voting on the work report of the supreme people 's court and the supreme people 's procuratorate yesterday , indicating that they are still not satisfied with the reform achievements of the judicial system and the progress made in the building of the rule of law .
however , 2,742 of the 2,813 deputies who attended the closing session of the fifth session of the ninth national people 's congress at the great hall of the people voted in favor of premier zhu Zhanji 's government work report , with the approval rate still reaching 97.5% , similar to that of last year .
all sides expect that zhu zhanji , who has publicly indicated that he will retire , will withdraw from the standing committee of the political bureau at the highest decision - making level at the 16 th CPC national congress to be held this autumn .
however , the result of the vote shows that zhu hongji was not snuffed out by NPC deputies because he was about to lose power .
the 10 1 / 2 - day conference also approved the 2002 budget with a deficit of 309.8 billion yuan ( 68.8 billion Singapore dollars ) with 80.5 percent of the vote yesterday .
Li Peng , chairman of the national people 's congress [ NPC ] standing committee , made a report on the work of the NPC standing committee , which encountered slightly more opposition votes and abstained from voting than last year .
the NPC standing committee 's report received 2,587 votes in favor , 112 against , and 114 abstentions yesterday .
last year &apos;s report received 2,582 votes in favour , 85 against and 122 abstentions .
although the reaction of NPC deputies yesterday was slightly better than that of last year , as many as 28 percent and 27 percent of NPC deputies respectively voted against or abstained from voting on the work reports of the supreme people 's court and the supreme people 's procuratorate .
Xiao yang , president of the supreme people 's court , received 2,026 votes in favor , 528 against , and 259 abstentions in his work report yesterday .
his report received 1,953 votes in favour , 530 against and 306 abstentions last year .
Han zhubin , procurator general of the supreme people 's procuratorate , received 2,044 votes in favour , 516 against , and 253 abstentions in his report yesterday .
his report received 1873 votes in favour , 584 against and 332 abstentions last year .
since this year is the last session of the current NPC and the NPC will be replaced next year , the closing session yesterday also voted to adopt the " decision on the number of deputies to the 10 th NPC and the question of election , " stipulating that the 10 th NPC should be elected before the end of january next year .
China accelerates change of local party and government leaders
( Hong kong ) sources from the beijing municipal people 's congress [ NPC ] and the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ CPPCC ] disclosed to ming PAO that after the NPC and CPPCC sessions are over , the change of local party and government leaders in china will be accelerated .
the central authorities have demanded that all localities complete the work of reshuffling by the end of june this year . 17 provinces , municipalities directly under the central government , and autonomous regions that have not yet completed the readjustment will form new leading bodies .
the report said : according to the CPC central committee 's appointment criteria , members of provincial - level party and government leading bodies should generally have a university degree or higher and a bachelor 's degree or higher .
the central authorities also stipulated that the new provincial party committee secretaries should be under the age of 59 and provincial governors under the age of 56 .
in addition , in order to strengthen the leadership of the CPC over people 's congresses at all levels , the chairmen of people 's congresses at all levels will all be concurrently party committee secretaries at the same level after the reshuffle of local governments is completed .
the source pointed out : beginning in march last year , 62 party and government leaders in 31 provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities across the country have exchanged views and changed shifts .
so far last year , 14 provinces have completed the readjustment of their local party committees , including the secretaries of the six provinces , autonomous regions , and autonomous regions of inner mongolia , Jiangxi , Hubei , Hainan , Yunnan , and Qinghai .
in the governments of various provinces , municipalities directly under the central government , and autonomous regions , including the governors and mayors of Shanghai , Jiangxi , Shandong , Hunan , and Yunnan , a total of 11 provincial - and ministerial - level officials were transferred .
US embassy in Yemen attacked by grenade a young man arrested no one injured
( comprehensive report from Sanaa ) Yemeni and us officials said that a Yemeni youth threw a grenade at the us embassy in Yemen the night before yesterday , but the youth was immediately arrested and no one was injured in the attack .
US embassy in italy receives pouch containing white powder
in Rome , the us embassy in italy received a pouch containing white powder the day before yesterday . embassy staff were worried that the pouch might contain anthrax .
a spokesman for the embassy said the bag had been handed over to a biochemical expert group of the local fire brigade for testing and the results would be announced next week .
an official from Yemen 's interior ministry told state television that a 25 - year - old man named Awah threw a grenade at the wall of the us embassy in the northeastern Savan district of the capital city of Sanaa .
he said that Awah was from Mehmet province , 60 kilometers northwest of Sanaa , and that he had another grenade at the time of his arrest .
the official said that the grenade explosion did not cause any casualties or any damage .
witnesses said police immediately surrounded the area around the embassy after the grenade exploded .
in washington , state department spokesman Richard Boucher said preliminary investigations showed that the embassy did not suffer any damage and no one inside was injured .
the perpetrators are currently being detained by the Yemeni authorities .
the authorities said that the grenade had not been thrown into the enclosure of the embassy .
new york , london rise in tandem
( comprehensive report ) us consumer confidence and industrial production both rose , rekindled confidence in the wall street market , and the three major indexes rose simultaneously , while the Dow Jones industrial and commercial index rose more steadily into the fifth week .
investors believe that as the us economy recovers and corporate profits are expected to rebound , Walmart , the chain with the highest turnover in the united states , and american express , the credit card issuer , will take the lead in soaring prices , bringing the Dow index to its longest weekly increase since september 2000 .
the Dow Jones industrial and commercial average closed friday at 10,607.23 , up 90.09 or 0.9% .
the us auto - quotation index reported 1868.30 points , up 14.16 points or 0.8% , while the broader s & p 500 index reported 1166.16 points , up 13.12 points or 1.1% .
for the whole week , the Dow rose slightly by 0.3% , expanding this year 's increase to 5.8% .
the s & p 500 edged up 0.2% , while the us auto index fell 3.2% to its first week of decline in three weeks .
the us consumer confidence index , released by the university of Michigan on friday , rose for the fifth time in six months to its highest level in 15 months , indicating that the economic recovery is not weak .
on the other hand , the industrial production index officially released by the united states rose 0.4% in february this year , which was better than originally expected by the market and the second rise in the past 17 months .
economists believe that these two figures have made the outline of the economic recovery clearer .
therefore , in the future , the trend of the market may also move toward more optimistic areas .
in the new york stock exchange , the rise - to - fall ratio was 4 to 3 , with 1.4 billion shares traded .
on the other hand , the ratio of stocks going up or down in the US auto @-@ quoted stock market is 6 to 5 .
on the british market , the possible layoffs from the record company EMI and the possibility that biotech company Celltech may stop selling shares have brought optimism to the market and pushed the stock market up 0.6% .
however , pharmaceutical manufacturer GlaxoSmithKline 's second - best - selling drug may face competition from its indian rivals , and the deutsche bank lowered its price forecast for Vodafone , the largest mobile phone operator in europe , limiting the index 's rise .
the london financial times index closed friday at 5,292.70 , up 31.30 points .
North Korean patrol boat accused of intruding into south Korean territorial waters
( Seoul , united states ) a south Korean official said that a north Korean patrol boat intruded into south Korean territorial waters yesterday .
the south Korean joint chiefs of staff said that the patrol boat crossed the yellow sea border 1.5 kilometers and stayed for 42 minutes before being chased away by south Korean warships .
it said that the north Korean patrol boat accidentally intruded into south Korean territorial waters while inspecting a Cambodian cargo ship .
the sea border between south korea and north korea is not obvious , and yesterday 's violation was the second time this year .
the ROK accused the DPRK of invading the western waters 12 times last year , but each time it was not serious .
in 1999 , a series of incursions by north Korean ships triggered the first maritime clash since the Korean war , sank a north Korean warship , and it is believed that 30 north Korean sailors lost their lives .
on the other hand , intelligence sources said that 25 north Korean defectors stayed at an army base in the philippines yesterday before flying to south korea for asylum .
the refugees arrived at manila airport from beijing on friday night .
the source said : " the documents for their trip to the ROK are being processed . "
the south Korean foreign ministry said the north Koreans will fly to Seoul on Monday on a Korean airlines plane .
US official : Al Qaeda strengthens capital flow
( Washington , dc ) according to us media reports , a us official who declined to be named said the other day that al - Qaeda , the number one terrorist in the world , has increased its financial activities in recent weeks , indicating that some al - Qaeda leaders are regaining control over the organization and may seek to fund more attacks against us targets .
the official said that while al - Qaeda 's capital flow has increased , communication links between the surviving al - Qaeda members have also increased .
information intercepted by us intelligence agencies indicates that small groups of al - Qaeda members and Taliban militants are in contact .
most communications activities are concentrated in the north-western part of Pakistan , close to the Afghan border .
the official said that these activities show that some well - known al - Qaeda leaders are restoring control over the remnants of the terrorist organization , but the us official declined to name these people .
canistelaro , former director of the counter - terrorism department of the us central intelligence agency , said that there are numerous indications that al - Qaeda is being reorganized , and a large number of communications links between them are conducted through the internet , and money exchanges are very frequent .
canistelaro also said that there is some evidence that al - Qaeda 's leadership has also begun to become active .
DPP legislator Chen Chin - tak visits beijing with fishing groups
( comprehensive report from beijing ) Chen jinde , legislator of the democratic progressive party of Taiwan [ DPP ] , arrived in beijing yesterday for a visit with a delegation from several fishing organizations in Taiwan .
Chen jinde is the first DPP member to visit the mainland after chinese vice premier Qian Qichen issued a speech welcoming the broad masses of DPP members to visit the mainland in an appropriate capacity to commemorate the seventh anniversary of the founding of the Kuang Jiang at 8 : 00 p.m .
Chen jinde went to Hong kong on Saturday to obtain a visa and arrived in beijing yesterday for a 10 - day visit .
Chen jinde stressed that the purpose of his trip is purely to help fishermen in yilan constituency solve the problem of shortage of fishermen . he went to the mainland in his personal capacity and therefore did not want to make too much fuss . however , he disclosed that the trip will meet with officials of the chinese ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation and relevant nongovernmental organizations on the mainland in the hope that the beijing authorities will agree to resume opening up the import of fishermen to Taiwan .
after the chinese mainland banned the import of fishers to Taiwan , the fishery manpower in yilan region was seriously insufficient . in order to assist the fishing industry in the constituency , Chen jinde decided to join a delegation formed by the fishing association of beijing and Taiwan province to assist the fishing industry , hoping that the mainland would resume opening up the import of fishers to Taiwan .
the delegation , headed by Huang yongju , director general of the 13 regional fishing associations of Taiwan province , set off for beijing last Thursday in the name of the workers ' federation of the republic of china in Tseng .
another serious sandstorm in beijing
( Agence france - presse , beijing ) - china 's state media said another serious sandstorm occurred in beijing yesterday .
although the government has invested heavily in improving beijing 's environment and preventing the desert from approaching beijing , eliminating the sandstorms that occur frequently every year is still the main difficulty facing beijing , which plans to hold the 2008 olympic games .
China 's national meteorological bureau forecast that the first sandstorm this year hit beijing last friday , and the peak of cold air from mongolia is expected to cover beijing with grayish - yellow dust .
Yang weixi , chief engineer of the desert control center of the chinese ministry of forestry , told the beijing weekly newspaper : " I dare not say that there will be no sandstorms in 2008 .
what we can do is to control the man - made factors that produce dust storms and prevent desertification of the environment .
he said , however , natural factors beyond people 's control , such as wind , drought , and great deserts , make it impossible for china to avoid sandstorms in the short term .
the chinese government has pledged to invest 56.8 billion yuan ( 12.376 billion Singapore dollars ) between 2002 and 2008 to prevent desertification and reduce the occurrence of dust storms .
Beijing alone will spend about 1 billion yuan ( 220 million Singapore dollars ) this year .
an expert from the chinese academy of forestry sciences said : the increase in the yuan 's financial appropriations will greatly improve the situation . however , it may take several decades before we can see the results of the rectification work .
after conducting an investigation at the beginning of this year , chinese environmental experts warned : about one - third of china 's territory is now desert . this is mainly caused by human economic activities , such as overgrazing .
the report said that in the first six months of last year , 18 sandstorms occurred in beijing , all of which originated in inner mongolia , and 60% of inner mongolia 's land was desert .
at the national people 's congress session , which just concluded this month , deputies from Shanghai , beijing , and inner mongolia urged the government to build a green great wall ( made up of trees ) to stop sandstorms .
according to a report by the Shanghai star , Xu shiyuan , vice president of the chinese geographic society , warned that if the government does not take emergency measures , sandstorms may even hit Shanghai .
fake diplomas are rampant in china , and many serving cadres have been found to be holding false certificates
( comprehensive report from Hong kong ) fake diplomas are rampant in mainland china . the Guangdong provincial employment guidance center for college graduates recently appraised the credentials of 15 officials sent by a city in the chaoshan region . seven of them were confirmed to be fake by the naked eye .
according to a Hong kong newspaper report , since the center began its certification work in may last year , it has so far accepted more than 3,500 diplomas , accounting for more than 800 fake diplomas of various kinds , and the fake certificate ratio is as high as 23% .
according to the report , the majority of these fake certificates are adult education and self - study examination certificates , of which two thirds are forged on the streets and one third are issued in violation of regulations by regular educational institutions .
the responsible person of the center also disclosed that since the appraisal department was set up at the same time as it was undergoing organizational reform , the departments and enterprises and institutions that were sent for inspection generally had a very high proportion of false certificates , and many of the owners of false certificates were cadres on the job .
with the approval of relevant departments of the ministry of education , the Guangdong provincial employment guidance center for college graduates is currently the only institution in china authorized to carry out nationwide certification of higher education qualifications .
the responsible person also disclosed that out of consideration for selecting officials , the state - owned bank of a prefecture - level city sent 36 middle - level officials and backbone business personnel their diplomas for appraisal , and only six of the results were true .
it has been learned that along with the appraisal process , many private enterprises have also come to request the appraisal . the main items they appraise are job applicants and newly recruited university students .
the appraisal department found that many of the college students ' certificates were also fake .
last year , a large enterprise set up a branch office somewhere in the pearl river delta and recruited a number of university students .
the boss sent more than 30 employee certificates for appraisal and found that 10 of them were fake .
in recent years , quite a number of other provincial institutions have set up branches in Guangdong province that are not qualified to issue academic certificates . however , in order to attract students , they have falsified their enrollment , claiming to be able to issue state - recognized certificates and issuing a number of fake certificates to students upon graduation .
25 North Koreans seeking asylum arrive in Seoul
( Seoul road transmission ) 25 north Koreans seeking asylum arrived at Seoul international airport yesterday to start a new life in south korea .
after they passed , they waved and smiled at the Korean television camera .
Li song , a 43 - year - old factory worker , told an impromptu press conference at the airport : " we hope to settle here and live in a world of freedom and hope . "
another man said : " since south korea is a free country , i did not hesitate to risk my life to come here . "
this group of north Koreans broke into the spanish embassy in beijing last Thursday , firmly indicating that they wanted to go to the ROK .
China allowed them to go to Seoul via the Philippines on Friday .
they come from six families , two of which have no parents .
they are the largest group of fugitives since the end of the Korean war .
according to the Seoul national intelligence agency , this group of people will join the 2,000 north Koreans who have already settled in south korea , 138 of whom only joined the south korea this year .
last year , 583 people went to south korea to break the record .
the 25 new arrivals will attend an orientation class at a government shelter near the capital Seoul .
the primary objective of the course is to help defectors overcome the tension of flight and then receive counselling to adapt to Korean culture , including an understanding of capitalism .
the final step is to be trained for a new job .
new Yorker weekly : Iraqi intelligence agencies have been in close contact with al - Qaeda for many years
( Washington , dc ) the latest issue of the weekly " new Yorker " reports that iraq 's intelligence agencies have for many years maintained close ties with al - Qaeda led by Osama , the mastermind of the september 11 incident .
it is learned that the two organizations jointly command a terrorist organization in northern iraq 's Kurdistan region .
the us central intelligence agency has always been sceptical of the allegation that Iraqi president Hussein and al - Qaeda are linked .
in the past , hawkish officials in the bush administration who support military action against iraq have been trying to find evidence of links between Hussein and al - Qaeda .
these officials greatly praised this report of the weekly " new Yorker " the day before yesterday , and pointed out that the relevant report is the latest basis for supporting their arguments .
according to the report , there is an Ansar islamic guerrilla force composed of Kurds and Arabs in iraq 's Kurdistan region . all members of the guerrilla force have received training in the Osama camp .
Goldberg , the author of the report , said he interviewed several agents of Ansar islamic guerrillas captured by the pro - us Kurdish patriotic union , who claimed that Ansar islamic guerrillas were jointly commanded by Hussein and al - Qaeda , and that some al - Qaeda fighters in afghanistan had fled to the Iraqi Kurdish region controlled by Ansar islamic guerrillas .
the agents also said that iraq hosted a al - Qaeda leader of Egyptian origin in Baghdad in 1992 .
US officials warned that the Kurdish patriotic union might make a big fuss about the reports in order to justify the us plan to overthrow the Hussein regime .
Gulf newspapers : Cheney 's middle east tour fails
( Dubai synthesis ) newspapers in the gulf countries said on Monday that us vice president Cheney 's middle east trip was a failure .
Cheney 's visit is to lobby middle east countries to support the united states in its fight against iraq .
Cheney arrived in kuwait on Monday after visiting all the gulf countries , but even the most loyal ally of the united states is opposed to attacking Baghdad .
Saudi arabia 's " fatherland " newspaper said : what this vice president has heard is that the united states must stop Israel 's terrorist activities and prevent Israel from possessing weapons of mass destruction .
the newspaper also pointed out that if the united states continues to ignore the interests of middle east countries , it will also lose its interests in the gulf region .
the " gulf daily " of the united arab emirates also said that this was a new failure of the united states in the middle east after it ran into a wall in europe .
most of America &apos;s European allies are openly opposed to attacking Iraq .
Cheney denied yesterday in Bahrain &apos;s capital , Manama , that his trip to the Middle East was aimed at organizing a military strike against Iraq .
speaking at a joint news conference with Bahrain 's crown prince Salman , he said that some people believed that his only interest in this trip was to organize a military strike against iraq , but he denied this .
Cheney said that he and prince Salman mainly discussed the war on terrorism , the latest developments in the middle east situation , and the situation in afghanistan .
Cheney arrived in Israel on Monday evening for a visit and is expected to meet with Israeli prime minister Sharon to discuss the latest developments in the Israeli - palestinian situation .
on the other hand , the commanders of the Israeli - palestinian war zones in the west bank of the Jordan river and the Qassah strip held unexpected talks yesterday with the aim of stopping violence in the region .
the talks are likely to be the first step in Israel 's withdrawal from palestinian - controlled areas .
the palestinian side said that if the Israeli troops do not withdraw from these areas , the palestinian side will not participate in the peace talks mediated by the united states .
street crime on the rise : Britain sends more police on patrol
( London , united states news agency ) the british government is committed to solving the increasingly serious street crime problem and will send more police patrols .
Interior minister Blunkett said that to curb the rising cases of street robberies and violence , it is necessary to send more police to step up patrols .
he said : " we really should straighten out the order in the streets because law - abiding citizens want to be able to walk safely on the streets and live in peace without fear of being attacked . "
although the overall crime rate in britain has declined , the number of street crimes has increased by 13% between 2000 and 2001 .
the situation in london was even more alarming , with 19,248 robberies reported in september and november 2001 alone , more than double the 8,614 reported in the same period of the previous year .
the government also said that the increase in crime was mainly due to a large increase in cell phone robberies , with more than 700,000 cell phone robberies occurring nationwide last year .
this is the first time that the british police have focused on cracking down on street hooligans and robberies . in the past , they have focused on cracking down on illegal possession of guns and selling narcotics on the streets .
the new plan will first be implemented in 10 neighborhoods where street crime cases are concentrated .
the police will step up patrols in these neighbourhoods and provide more protection to the victims .
workers demonstrate in 10 state - owned factories in Liaoning
( Agence france - presse , beijing ) - workers from 10 state - owned factories in Liaoning city , northeast china 's Liaoning province , staged a mass demonstration yesterday to protest wage arrears and pensions , low retrenchment fees , and corruption .
meanwhile , demonstrations by dismissed oil workers in Daqing city in Heilongjiang province have been going on for three weeks .
the china human rights and democracy movement information center in Hong kong said that the Liaoyang city public security bureau arrested a 54 - year - old Yao fuxin , the organizer of the demonstration , on Sunday . at the same time , it is also pursuing more than 10 other workers who organized the demonstration .
according to Yao 's relative , who declined to be named , he went shopping and did not come back . several people saw him being taken away .
in addition , at the Daqing oil field in the neighboring province of Heilongjiang , the police and the Daqing petroleum administration told reporters that the sit-in demonstration by dismissed oil workers has entered its third week , but the number of workers participating in the sit-in has decreased from 50,000 at the beginning to more than 1,000 .
according to sources , workers in the two cities have formed independent trade unions and decided to hold negotiations through the election of representatives .
according to the law , such action is not allowed .
Han dongfang , the host of the china workers ' movement in Hong kong , said that although the two demonstrations had both started just after the national people 's congress ended , in fact the problem had existed for a long time .
Han also said that a demonstration also took place at a textile factory in Guangyuan city , Sichuan province , on Monday . several workers leaders who organized the weekend strike were arrested . as a result , 1,000 workers protested .
the investigation report of the SIA air crash has repeatedly been delayed by the Taiwan Aviation Safety Commission , and prosecutors have questioned the existence of a mystery .
( Taipei ) it has been one and a half years since the sinking of the SIA plane crash , but the investigation report of the Taiwan aviation safety committee has been delayed again and again , causing the Taoyuan district procurator 's office to stall its investigation , prosecutors have questioned the existence of a mystery , and the aviation safety council has promised to deliver the investigation report in april .
at 11:18 on the evening of 31 october 2000 , Singapore airlines flight SQ - 006 from zhongzheng airport to los Angeles of the united states mistakenly ran into the right runway of runway 05 and collided with two dredgers on the runway , causing explosions , killing 83 passengers and injuring nearly 100 others .
China times reported yesterday that the Taoyuan district procurator 's office , which was responsible for investigating criminal responsibility after the plane crash , had many disputes with the aviation security unit that investigated the flight safety accident because of its power of investigation .
since the plane crash occurred , wang Tim - Sheng , chief procurator of the Taoyuan district procuratorate , has been promoted to chief procurator of Taichung . Chen shouhuang has taken over the post . Huang Mou - shin , procurator - in - charge , has also been transferred to the northern procuratorate . Jiang yuan - Zhen has taken over the case .
however , the aviation security council originally indicated that it would complete the investigation report by the end of last year , which was postponed to the end of january , and then changed its plan to complete it in february after january . so far , no results have been achieved . on the urging of the procurators , the aviation security council promised to deliver the report in april .
as the destination of flight SQ - 006 is los Angeles , some of the families of the victims have filed huge civil claims in us courts , not only against Singapore airlines , but also against Taiwan 's civil aviation authority .
the claim of the family members of the victims is tantamount to accusing the Taiwan pagoda air traffic controllers of negligence . therefore , the investigation conclusions of the Taoyuan district attorney 's office are particularly conspicuous .
Cheney willing to hold bilateral talks if Arafat abides by us cease - fire agreement
( comprehensive report from jerusalem ) Israeli prime minister Sharon said yesterday that if palestinian leader Arafat implements the ceasefire agreement proposed by the united states , Israel will allow Arafat to leave palestinian territory .
US vice president Cheney also said yesterday that if Arafat implements the truce agreement proposed by the united states , he is prepared to hold talks with the other side on the middle east peace process in the near future .
Arab league secretary general Moussa said yesterday that the arab league will support a land - for - peace plan at next week 's summit to stop the escalation of violence in the middle east .
in an interview with the Italian newspaper " evening post , " Moussa said : I believe that the arab summit in Beirut will have a clear and unanimous stand , that is , exchanging land for peace .
at that time , Israel must make a decision .
Egyptian foreign minister Maher said the day before yesterday that Saudi arabia would still put forward a peace motion to resolve the violent conflict in the middle east at the arab league summit even if Israel would not allow Arafat to attend the summit .
Annan condemns Israeli military action for neglecting the safety of civilian lives
on the other hand , un secretary general Kofi Annan sent a letter to Sharon the day before yesterday , denouncing Israel 's failure to take into account the safety of civilians in the escalating military operations and pointing out that the conflict incident has evolved into a conventional war without a little restraint .
Annan said : Israel dispatched f - 16 fighter bombers , helicopters , armed naval transport planes , and missiles to carry out intensive bombing . as a result , thousands of innocent civilians , including women and children , were injured or killed , and many buildings and civilian houses were damaged or destroyed .
Annan called on Sharon to ensure that Israeli security forces adopt weapons and methods of warfare that pose the lowest threat to the safety of palestinian civilians and property .
global warming warns of complete collapse of antarctic ice shelf
( comprehensive report from auckland ) experts from the us national ice and snow data center said yesterday that an ice shelf in the antarctic has completely collapsed and split into thousands of icebergs , the largest such incident in 30 years , thus again warning against global warming .
according to reports , an ice shelf on the Larsen continental margin , covering an area of 3,250 square kilometers near the east coast of Antarctica , has completely collapsed in 35 days .
the center warns that other ice shelves are on the verge of collapse as the hot summer approaches .
this indicates that the glacier flow in Antarctica will increase and the global sea level will rise , causing harm to lowland areas .
the center , which is located at the university of colorado , said on its website ( nsidc.org ) that the Larsen continental edge ice shelf b , which weighs 720 billion tons of ice , may have broken up since january 31 this year , and broken ice has formed thousands of floating icebergs in the Weddell sea .
the center also said that the breakup of the ice shelf is due to the warming of the region .
more than half of Britons disapprove of the government 's support for the united states to fight iraq
( comprehensive report from london ) the results of an opinion poll released yesterday show that more than half of british voters disapprove of the government 's support for the us attack on iraq .
a poll conducted by the Guardian and pollster ICM showed that 51 percent of voters oppose the British support for the US attack on Iraq .
this is contrary to similar polls last year and three years ago , when the majority of british voters supported the attack on iraq .
a similar poll released the day before yesterday by the us cable news network and the " times " weekly showed that 70% of Americans support the government 's attack on iraq to overthrow the Hussein regime .
in Ottawa , Canadian prime minister Chretien said the day before yesterday that if the united states leads coalition forces to attack iraq , canada will consider joining .
Chretien and other Canadian ministers have always expressed uneasiness over bush 's hardline stance toward the Hussein regime in iraq , and have always insisted that there is no evidence that Hussein and al - Qaeda are linked .
however , after Chretien went to washington to hold talks with bush last Thursday , he seemed to have changed his original position .
he told CBS television that he would seriously consider any us request for military assistance outside afghanistan .
he said : with regard to the participation of troops , if there is a situation like ( afghanistan ) in other places , we will study the situation at that time , just as we participated in the afghan operation .
US to reduce fighter plane patrols in domestic airspace
( Washington road transmission ) us defense department officials said on Monday that the bush administration has decided to lower the alert level of air force fighter patrols that have been in place since the september 11 attacks , but will still maintain a relatively small number of patrols and keep aircraft on standby at the runway .
the department of defense said that day - and - night patrols have already cost the air force 500 million us dollars ( about 900 million Singapore dollars ) , but patrols over washington will continue . as for the new york area , air patrols will be stopped , except for occasional emergencies .
the airport and airlines have stepped up security measures following the september 11 incident before the authorities decided to reduce or stop air patrols .
Defense department spokesman Clark told reporters : we are studying a plan that combines different methods , including fighter patrols over certain regions , continuous fighter patrols based on ad hoc decisions , and standby measures for different levels of runways .
runway standby means that the aircraft is in a state of readiness for emergency take-off at any time .
she also said that the alert would be adjusted at any time according to the level of threat .
Palestinian dead set off bus , 7 dead , 30 wounded .
( Jerusalem report ) police said a suicide bomber detonated a bus in Umm Fahm , an arab town near northern Israel , killing seven people and injuring about 30 others .
the bus was carrying mostly Israeli Arabs .
Palestinian islamic jihadist groups admitted to having carried out the attack .
the palestinian authorities have condemned the violence .
this was the most serious attack since U.S. Middle East envoy Zinni arrived in the Middle East on Thursday to urge Israel and Palestine to reach a ceasefire agreement .
a spokesman for the bus company concerned said : " Tan dares to detonate the bomb in the back of the bus .
the car was full at the time and was travelling from tel Aviv to the northern Israeli city of Nazareth .
the spokesman also said that most of the passengers were Israeli Arabs rushing to work .
the explosion took place in the Tseng Tseng area , which separates Israel from the West Bank .
the attack increased the death toll among Palestinians to 1,562 since the beginning of the intifada in september last year .
US senator : smallpox terrorists can spread virus at airport
( Washington , usa ) us senator Dr. Frist warned at a hearing on biochemical weapons the day before yesterday that terrorists infected with smallpox could spread the virus throughout the country by spreading deadly viruses or germs at airports and could cause tens of thousands or even millions of deaths .
Frist said at the hearing that when a terrorist infected with smallpox enters an airport , he may transmit the virus to 10 innocent passengers by coughing , sneezing , or even just breathing . the 10 passengers may then spread the virus throughout the country and may cause tens of thousands or even millions of deaths from the disease .
he said that this may be the possible form of weapons of mass destruction .
it does not need to be launched through missiles , nor does it need to be as conspicuous as anthrax .
the infected victims and the defense personnel preventing the attack of this weapon may never know where the virus ( bacteria ) came from .
experts told the senate foreign relations committee : this is part of the reason why biological and chemical weapons are so dangerous .
Biden , chairman of the senate foreign relations committee , said that preventing attacks with biological and chemical weapons is an extremely urgent issue requiring attention .
Helms , the most senior republican member of the committee , said that in order to prevent enemy missiles from attacking the united states with any kind of warhead , the united states still needs to build a missile defense system .
hundreds of thousands of us and south Korean soldiers hold large - scale exercises
( Agence france - presse , Seoul ) - hundreds of thousands of us and south Korean soldiers will conduct the largest - ever military exercise simulating a conflict with north korea on Thursday , drawing criticism from Pyongyang for being a provocative act of war .
US military officers said on the eve of a week - long military exercise that the exercise was purely defensive in nature , but that it took place after the Seoul authorities warned against ignoring the danger of the Korean issue .
this is the largest military exercise since the 1950 - 53 Korean war . since there is no formal treaty to end the conflict on the Korean peninsula , it has become the world 's last cold war front , with nearly two million troops confronting each other on the border .
the us - ROK joint forces command in Seoul said that the exercise from 21 to 27 march will be the first to test its effectiveness by combining two different joint military exercises .
this means that hundreds of thousands of soldiers will participate , but the military did not disclose details .
a spokesman for the joint forces command said that the exercise will mobilize almost every us military unit and ROK military unit on the Korean peninsula , as well as foreign us troops .
37,000 us troops are permanently stationed in the ROK to prevent an attack by the DPRK , which has 1.1 million troops .
South korea also has 650,000 troops .
the joint forces command called the exercise RS0I / FE02 , which is a combination of computerized military exercises and the annual shadowing exercise .
in the past few years , the RSOI exercise alone mobilized 500,000 south Korean troops and 30,000 us troops ( including 20,000 foreign us troops ) .
North Korea accused the United States of staging joint military exercises to provoke a war .
the official Nodong Shimbun even called the us - ROK military exercise a tanga declaration of war .
Chinese media praises strategic missile force
( Agence france - presse , beijing ) - amid the controversy over the united states ' " nuclear posture review " listing china as a target of nuclear attack , china 's official media yesterday praised its own strategic missile unit .
jiefangjun bao , renmin ribao , and other official dailies carried on the front page " forging the republic 's peace shield , " praising china 's second artillery corps , including the strategic missile and nuclear weapons units .
the article describes this unit 's use of a strategic missile training simulation system to simulate a nuclear attack by an enemy country and a counter - attack by the Taiwan red army or china .
Zeng hongzhi used modern procedures to rapidly draw up a combat plan and deploy a new - type missile launcher in the deep mountains and jungles .
the article , which is full of technical terms , describes the use of novel anti - jamming and anti - reconnaissance techniques by the second artillery corps as a great display of magical power .
the article added : one missile after another took off from deep in the mountains , hit the target accurately , and successfully launched a counterattack operation .
the second artillery corps , with an estimated 100,000 noncommissioned officers , is china 's core force dedicated to improving the combat technology of the armed forces .
this article describing the process of the growth of china 's missile and nuclear forces since the late 1950s was published at a time when sino - us relations were once again strained .
China strengthens security in the area to prevent North Koreans from rushing in again
( Hong kong ) chinese police recently launched an internal review of the incident of 25 north Koreans breaking into the spanish embassy last week .
it is estimated that in beijing alone , more than 150 Koreans have waited for the opportunity to go to the ROK . the authorities have stepped up security in the embassy area of the ROK , japan , and major embassies of western countries to prevent another incident of trespassing on the embassy building .
" sing tao ribao " reported yesterday that according to information from the public security department , since 25 north Koreans suddenly stormed the Xiban embassy on 14 march , the beijing police , on the basis of strengthening security at the embassies of sensitive countries after the original manila 9 / 11 mansion , have further deployed security at embassies of non-sensitive countries . at the same time , they have also strengthened their contacts with the personnel of the embassies of the DPRK and the ROK in beijing .
the source pointed out : ROK embassy personnel told chinese officials that the ROK side has not supported the DPRK to go to the ROK in this way . ROK does not want such incidents to happen again in order to avoid having an impact on the relations between china and the Korean peninsula . the ROK side has also promised china that it is willing to assist china in properly managing the ROK residents in beijing .
it has been revealed that there are about 10,000 Koreans living in Dongcheng district of beijing and Liangmahe district of Chaoyang district . among them , there are Koreans from northeast china , and there are also people from the DPRK and the ROK respectively . they mainly engage in Korean - style restaurants and bars . since they are all Koreans , they get along well with each other no matter where they come from .
in the past , since there were not many Koreans in beijing , nor were there as many criminal cases involving Xinjiang and Henan nationals , the authorities did not regard them as key targets of surveillance .
according to the report , after the march 14 incident , the public security department first invited the german doctor who assisted the 25 north Koreans to come to the public security department to talk to him , and then sent him to the airport to ask him to leave the country immediately .
subsequently , the public security and national security departments launched an internal review .
the review will focus on two aspects , one is the security of the embassy area and the other is the management of Korean personnel in beijing .
in addition , the authorities have also asked relevant departments in Jilin and other areas to take effective measures to prevent illegal north Koreans from entering beijing .
yellow sands cover the Korean peninsula , Pyongyang , Seoul , dust cover the sky .
( Pyongyang , Seoul synthesis ) the sandstorm that just swept through northern china violently hit the Korean peninsula yesterday . most regions , including Pyongyang , the capital of the DPRK , and Seoul , the capital of the ROK , were shrouded in brown and yellow dust .
according to Xinhua news agency , a strong sandstorm hit Pyongyang early yesterday morning .
since early morning , the whole of Pyongyang has been shrouded in grayish yellow dust .
this is the first sandstorm the DPRK has experienced since the beginning of spring this year .
six routes grounded .
in addition , according to a report by the beijing people 's network , a large sandstorm occurred in south korea yesterday . in addition to the Incheon international airport , six domestic air routes were grounded .
sandstorm sets in across south korea .
according to tests conducted by the ministry of environment of south korea , the amount of fine dust in the sky in Seoul before noon yesterday was 17 times higher than usual , reaching 1,000 micrograms per cubic meter , the highest in history .
affected by the dusty weather across the country , in addition to the normal operation of the Incheon international airport , the ROK has suspended flights on six domestic routes , including Daegu , Weishan , and Pohang , and passengers of more than 30 flights have switched to other means of transportation .
in addition , the associated press reported that due to the high dust content in the air , the south Korean government yesterday ordered kindergartens and primary schools across the country to temporarily suspend schooling for one day in order to prevent children from being polluted by the air .
so far this year , three yellow dust weather events have occurred in Seoul , south korea .
the south Korean meteorological agency forecast yesterday that a large amount of dust raised by strong updrafts in deserts such as china and mongolia would spread over northern china and pass through south korea by northwest wind .
enough to destroy a medium - sized planet and rub shoulders with the earth
( AFP , melbourne , Florida ) a small planet large enough to destroy a medium - sized city passed the earth at a close distance of 463,000 kilometers without being discovered earlier . astronomers learned about this only four days later .
the small planet , about 50 meters in diameter , comes from the direction of the sun , making it difficult for astronomers to find it .
the small planet passed the earth on march 8 , but by the time it was discovered on march 12 , the small planet had already gone far away .
Williams , based at the International Astronomical Society &apos;s Small Planet Center in Cambridge , Massachusetts , helped locate the small planet .
astronomically speaking , this small planet is very close to the earth because the moon is 400,000 kilometers away from the earth .
Williams told the Florida Today News on Wednesday : the key is that the stars should have been detected before coming from the direction of the sun .
only in this way can astronomers determine as soon as possible the orbit of the small planet and predict whether it will hit the earth .
in 1908 , when a large or small star collided with the earth , it collided with a pit 32 kilometers wide in the forests of Siberia .
Minister of home affairs testifies that senior government advisor shot dead in Tae chi tae
( Agence france - presse , Rome ) - Italian interior minister Scajola confirmed the day before yesterday that Biaghi , a senior advisor to the Italian government , was shot dead by a faction of the extreme left - wing guerrilla guerrillas guerrillas detachment .
Skayola said that the two men who shot Biagi even used the pistol used to carry out the next similar political assassination three years ago .
on the other hand , Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi has taken the initiative to invite trade union leaders back to the negotiating table after the assassination of Biagi to discuss his employment reform plan .
Biagi , a 52 - year - old advisor to the labor department , is also an economist and law professor .
he was killed by gunmen on a motorcycle as he rode his bicycle back to his home in the northern city of Bologna on Tuesday night , shocking Italian politics .
BYJ helped draft an employment reform plan that was strongly opposed by trade unions and leftists .
they think the scheme makes it easier for employers to fire workers .
witnesses said Biagi was lying in a pool of blood beside his briefcase .
Biagi 's home was also found to have been carved with the red brigade 's five - star logo , but it is not clear when it was carved .
founded in 1973 , the red brigade was suspected of committing many bombings and assassinations in italy in the 1970 s and 1980 s , including kidnapping and killing former prime minister Mollo in 1978 .
illegal access to china 's state secrets and bribery of chinese - american engineers sentenced to five years in prison
( Beijing , united states ) beijing 's no . 1 intermediate people 's court yesterday sentenced Fang fuming , an american chinese engineer , to five years ' imprisonment on charges of illegally obtaining state secrets and offering bribes on behalf of a company .
the case has aroused protests in the united states .
a spokesman for the us embassy in china said that Fang Fuming will be deported after serving his prison term .
the sentence will be adjusted according to the length of time he has already been imprisoned .
the us embassy sent a diplomat to the hearing .
Fang fuming 's representative lawyer said that his client had already been in prison for two years , but china said it had not been that long .
Xinhua news agency confirmed the verdict .
it said that from 1995 to 1999 , Fang fuming obtained 35 documents containing state secrets and bribed chinese civil servants with 245,000 us dollars ( currently about 450,000 Singapore dollars ) to assist foreign investors in bidding for china 's power projects .
Fang Fuming is an electrical engineering consultant for foreign companies in China and elsewhere in Asia .
Fang fuming 's representative lawyer Cohen said that Fang fuming denied paying bribes , saying that he was a victim of corrupt chinese power officials .
Fang fuming used to be a chinese power official and became a us citizen in 1994 .
in the past two years , a group of us citizens and residents were among those charged with violating china 's national security law .
the detention of Fang Fuming once strained sino - us relations .
the us government has repeatedly protested china 's handling of Fang Fuming 's case , pointing out that the authorities ' detention of Fang Fuming for several months without trial violates international norms .
Fang fuming 's family said that he was badly treated .
his wife and two children are us citizens .
Cohen said that Fang fuming was detained on 28 february 2000 , but the detention period proposed by the chinese foreign ministry was 28 august 2000 .
China cancels naval task force 's visit to the united states and is unwilling to confirm whether hu Jintao will visit the united states as originally planned .
( comprehensive report from beijing ) sino - us relations , which had once warmed up as a result of us president bush 's visit to china , are rapidly cooling down . China confirmed yesterday that it would cancel plans for a naval fleet to visit us ports this year and refused to confirm whether vice president hu Jintao would visit the united states as originally planned .
answering a regular reporter 's question , foreign ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue said : as far as i know , the chinese naval task force is preparing to visit as planned , and their plan does not include us ports .
when a reporter asked her twice whether hu Jintao 's plan to visit the united states had been affected , and asked whether an earlier reply could be interpreted as meaning that hu Jintao 's visit to the united states in april would continue as scheduled , Zhang Qiyue declined to comment or confirm .
Zhang Qiyue only repeatedly accused the united states of making a series of violations of the three sino - us joint communiques in a short period of one month after bush 's visit to china , and demanded that the united states stop using the Taiwan issue to interfere in china 's internal affairs .
on the other hand , in washington , the united states ignored china 's warning that sino - us relations were blowing in a cold wind on Wednesday , insisting that it was not inappropriate for the united states to allow Taiwan 's defense minister to attend the us - Taiwan defense summit in Florida .
Beijing repeatedly criticized the united states for issuing visas to Taiwan defense minister tang Yao - ming to attend a meeting sponsored by us arms dealers earlier this month .
Tang Yao - ming also met with two senior us officials at that time .
State council spokesman Boucher was questioned by reporters at a regular news conference about china 's complaint about the incident , but he clearly tried his best to avoid a verbal war with china .
he said : after this round of talks , our stand is known to all .
you have to ask me this question every day , i 'm willing to explain it every day , china has to ask this question every day , we 're willing to explain it every day .
he said : Zhang 's stand has not changed . these are normal contacts between us and the Taiwanese people , and we will continue to do so .
Zhang Qiyue also confirmed a russian media report yesterday , saying that chinese state president Jiang Zemin had a telephone conversation with russian president Putin at his request the night before yesterday . the two sides mainly exchanged views on the issue of mutually beneficial cooperation between china and russia .
both sides held that mutually beneficial cooperation between china and russia conforms to the interests of the two countries and the two peoples .
